So, this is my first week at Amazon I am completing my 6th day of work - and I absolutely love it. Looking forward to my day off!!! Lol 

I am trying to sign up for benefits and have been trying to do so since my first day. Everytime I click "benefits" on the A to Z app I get the "Oops! Something went wrong" error message. I want to punch my phone Everytime I get it. I now have about 21 days to sign up for my benefits and the clock is ticking here ...
I got an sde internship offer for this summer. I interned last year too. Unfortunately, I have a pending misdemeanor case for disorderly conduct (DV); accidental criminal  damage. I got a lawyer. The internship is California, where they are more strict about the background check that employer can run. How likely Amazon can rescind my  offer based on a pending charge? Did anyone experience anything similar?  I believe by the time they do the background check, the charges might be dropped.
Hello, looking for guidance here. I have previously been a snr hrbp in an FC at Tilbury and struggled to adapt to it. I really struggled with the environment. I have the opportunity to go ahead for a snr hrbp role in transportation for EU. I also can be based out of an FC. Has anyone worked out of an FC but delivered for another business area? Has anyone worked in ncl1 FC and is the front office where HR and ops work occasionally is it by the front entrance? When I worked in Tilbury the office was quite a way through the FC and I just struggled at the time with claustrophobia. Any night, or advice is welcomed. Thanks for reading
This is my first week here at my TNS fulfillment center! I work in stow as a PIT operator, Sun - Wed 5:15pm-4:00am. I actually picked up Thursday and Friday this week they are 8hr shifts. 

I just went to grab a soda from the break room and heard some lady talking about more MET being silly because there's no work. It worried me a little bit and made me think about when peak ends. Financially to make ends meet I'll need to work an extra 10hr shift here every week I'm here because my previous job of over 2 years has laid me off out of nowhere. Will I really not be able to get overtime after peak?
Why do we work so much this time of year ... Because there is no Santa,  only Amazon and I am an Elf.  You will find me after Christmas in the returns. That's me, Broken Elf on the shelf.
If a corporate employee goes to install the baseline apps onto their phone, what all does that give the company visibility into? Pictures? Text messages? Browsing history? Chat apps like Telegram/WhatsApp?

I feel like I knew once, but don't know now. 

I just wanna check how much I’ve made in total from Amazon fc
I am starting to get insane screen flashes through the workday and getting paranoid. 

Does anyone know what WFH tracking looks like? Keystrokes? Computer start and close time (I hope this is looked at so they can see I work 12 hours a day). 

I'm wfh salaried program manager and have a flexible schedule per manager but my trust is weaning.
So HR sent me this because i went to them about speeding up the process to switch to flex faster I accepted the offer as soon as the email hit my inbox... So over these couple weeks i noticed my A to Z was changing a lil but my schedule is still filled up with 11hr shifts still even tho today is the 3rd... am I supposed to come in? Or…..
i’m wondering how as a pervious employee how i would be able to access my stocks and sell them. i was terminated and i’m not able to use a to z or use my employee ID as i do not have one.
I’ve been looking into getting into career choice but I don’t know if it’s any good for the classes and certifications they offer
I've been working at Amazon for 8 months now and about to go on Maternity leave. I haven't seen anyone talk about it so I'm really curious. Does Amazon pay holiday hours to people on Maternity leave or is it just 40hrs the entire leave?
I quit my job as a social worker due to the burnout and a terrible boss. I was making around $23/hour. I decided to get a job at Amazon part time, I’m making $19/hour (Chicagoland area). I just finished my training yesterday and curious about the different levels for full time employees (L1, L2, L3, L4, etc). Does anyone know or know where I can find the pay breakdown? This was supposed to be a temporary job but to be honest if I can end up getting similar to what I was making before without the emotionally taxing work I was doing and freedom to use UPT to take up to a month off whenever I want, I don’t think I’ll be going back…
I think he forgot to thank China, without which we would not have a job.... But seriously. Thoughts or comments?
Are there any members that have done an L4 pod? I have one 12/7 for a sort center AM position and just am curious about what to expect. Thanks in advance!
I signed on to work for Amazon with a $6,800 sign on bonus. I worked my first day (an 8 hour shift) and promptly resigned that same day as the position was a terrible fit. 

My resignation was acknowledged (which I have the acknowledgment in an email as well). 

Two weeks later I received my bonus payment to my bank account. I spoke with HR and apparently my management never took care of my resignation so I am still an active employee. 

I have no issue returning the money to them (as I’ve spent none of it) but they are asking for the pre-taxed amount to be returned, and I don’t have that. I was only paid the bonus due to a mistake on their end. 

Trying to figure out how I should proceed or if I should speak to a lawyer about it.

Anyone ever have issues using their wisely card for online purchases ? 🤯😒
Anyone know if they have a relocation for this position? It's 84 miles drive one way and would be lot easier to move where the data center is but things been rough so don't really got the cash up front to do it. Was just wanting to see if anyone had any insite to this and is 77k a year not including benefits a good starting wage for this position?
I just accepted an offer to boomerang back to Amazon after 2 years. Does my tenure pick up where I left off (i.e. yellow badge, more PTO)?  
Salaried L6, corporate
Got to get some insurance related paperwork done and on-site H.R. cannot help, already tried and I really need to speak to someone who understands English on a first language basis

my background check just went through and i wasn't experiencing any issues on the website until the very end. whenever i would click the checkout button it would register input and do a little loading symbol but then revert and nothing would happen, not even a confirmation email.   
any advice?
So all of our fans are now off in the building.. we were told the story is somewhere in another facility a piece of the fan broke off (not a BAF but still a big fan)and hit an employee (which sucks)... So their solution is to turn off everyone's fans in all facilities. With no substitute for air flow.

I'm wondering if other facilities have heard this/fans are also off?
I am curious to know what goes into working in this position. Is it as labor intensive as a FC or Sort Center?  Pros and cons?
On Monday, I took VTO for both my four hour shifts.  Today, Saturday, they have also taken 8 hours of UPT for the same shifts.  A little while later, I found that they took UPT away for two other shifts that I had taken VTO for.

The thing is, I shouldn't even need to use either for now, because I'm supposed to be off for six weeks following foot surgery.  They had only approved three weeks pending documentation from my doctor, which had been faxed by the doctor's office before the approved three weeks was up.
I applied for two jobs I worked (part time)one already thinking I could switch to the full time one. Now it’s saying I’ve been withdraw from it. 

Is it possible that HR could switch me to the full time job? I need the money and I regret not withdrawing from the part time job sooner
Whats your best Amazon screw up story?

 I'll start:
I've never been given fully functional equipment. Yesterday I got in a truck with no turn signals, a shattered backup cam, a tree limb size hole in the roof, the climate control console punched in so it's just stuck on heat, and the side mirrors didn't work. Also they handed me a shattered uncharged phone to work with.

Yesterday was a pretty bad day, but not once have I been given functional equipment. It's become a joke between me and a coworker.
My name is Amy Nelson. On December 2, 2019 - nearly 4 years ago - Amazon launched a $50 million+ campaign to secure criminal charges against my husband, a former AWS employee. Amazon met wtih federal prosecutors over 100 times to lobby for charges, all documented. My husband was never charged with ANY crime. Amazon filed a civil lawsuit alleging the same allegations under the RICO statute, and a federal judge ruled that my husband did not even violate his Amazon CNIAA. 

Despite this, the DOJ seized our bank accounts for 22 months. The FBI raided our home with guns. We lost everything and we had to spend $3 million over 4 years on attorneys. We were able to do this by selling our West Seattle home, borrowing money, liquidating retirement, and me taking a job outside of my start up (The Riveter) to launch a new company - and moving away from my family to do so. 

I've seen so many posts here about my family. I've never said anything here. But here I am. I would love to answer your questions. Trust me. We aren't the only family enduring this. Amazon's lawyers have referred over 50 Americans for federal criminal prosecution over the past few years. It's a truly terrifying situation. 

https://www.seattletimes.com/business/after-3-years-seattles-amy-nelson-still-fighting-amazon-and-doj/
I worked at Walmart for about 7ish months. I know walmart is noting like Amazon. Ive applied at every open job my town had and i kept getting denied for 4 month's straight. Then last week my freind told me to apply for Amazon and that night i got a pre hire appointment for the next day and my drug test and background came back pretty fast the next day or so. What is the first day like for my position? My schedule is Sunday-monday-tuesday-wednesday 7am-5:30pm

Oh and where do I go for my first day? The email never said what part of the warehouse to go to on the first day.
Do you get any financial bonus for seniority - 3+ or 5+ years of employment - at your department?
Hello. Would anyone know anything about XL? Moreso, the Transfer out (Day shift and night shift)? What’s more, as it’s a seasonal building, will it cease operations soon???
Theres people that would love to be in your position

I am working in Amazon in India for the past 7 years, I plan to do my MS in Project Management in a US university that offers co-op while I am currently employed in Amazon as an L4. Is it possible for me to transition my current job to co-op or can I move internally via IJP to a role that offers such a transition? I wouldn't want to lose my job security here for the sake of my study abroad dream.
I was part of a recent staff reduction. My entire division was laid off. I have 60 days of remaining an employee to try and find a new role and then 30 day severance if I don’t find an internal role.

If I get an external job offer while still “employed” do I need to let Amazon know?
Been  here since 6:30am doing nothing chillin with my homies. There's about  15+ of us here. Y'all gonna make/bring work or we just gonna hang out in  the breakroom for 12 hrs again.  Yeeee ez money loool

Past  few days no work but met for everyone, makes sense. Thanks for the  break before peak whenever or if that even happens.  Heheh

How much am I getting paid for overtime and how much I make 20 a hour
How easy is it to transfer you (if you ask) from one state to another? I want to know if it is something “easy” to get approved if you ask to Amazon if they can transfer you
I finished up Amazon interviews on 11 Oct 2023. I was told a few days later I’ve progressed to the offer stage of recruitment and an offer letter would come in short order. It’s been over a month and the recruiter tells me the offer has been “stuck” at finance and that she is working with the hiring manager to push it through finance.

I’m curious if anyone has had to wait this long for an offer after the decision to hire has been made.
Hello all,

So I've worked at Amazon before, but as a full time employee. Today I just applied for a seasonal job with the company and was wondering if I'd be able to go to a regular Amazon gig if I wanted to down the line.
So i work at an Amazon Sortation center and have been there for 3 years now. I received a final written warning yesterday (after having never been written up before in my entire employment there) for a CAT2 violation, which they said automatically brings you to a “final” written warning. Basically i was told that i cant get anymore violations for an entire year, after which itll be taken off my record. My question though, is am i not allowed to receive ANY type of violation at all throughout the year or else risk termination? Like ive heard that there are different levels of violations where some are more minor than others. Like say for something like a dress code violation or some other type of minor offense? Would something like that still stack against the CAT2 violation that got me the final warning? Or would it have to be some kind of violation in the same CAT2 category? 

I appreciate any info y’all can give me, thank you.
I've done drug test and background check and everything is completed.
What does the +10.00$ with the lightning bolt mean and what am I going to have to do since it says gift wrap? 

I just started literally 4 days ago and I don’t remember any of the acronyms so please respond like I don’t know shiz because I don’t 💀 and my trainers sucked. Thank you in advance 😭

Hello, I was looking to internationally transfer within an Amazon role and wanted to know if anyone has gone through this experience. I want to know a few things before I make that jump. thank you! 
RTFM
Can't find any accurate information on this and the listing on the amazon website has no salary or hourly wage. If there's anyone that can give me an accurate source or has worked in LP I'd appreciate that. I'm in Ontario Canada if that helps.
I submitted a LOA that was approved for caring for my wife while she is sick. Her medical problems she wants to keep private but I have to fill out the health questionnaire form. Do they contact the physician and ask questions about my spouses condition?

These people are disgusting , worked in this building for 6 months got sick 3 times they don’t clean the trailers
Staying anonymous for obvious reasons:

I was told by my manager I was going to be placed on a PIVOT but the official email had not come through.  I have been suffering from strokes and that night had a bad one and my dr requested I go on immediate medical leave. I put in FMLA and short term disability leave that night to start the next day. 

I went on my work email today (15 days later) to make sure disability wasn’t trying to contact me there and saw an email sent the day my leave started saying I  had to make a decision to take the buy out or continue on the plan. It stated no response by a certain date (which passed) would mean I choose to accept trying to work through the plan and would lose the buy out option. I know how PIVOTs work and want the buy out to be an option.

My question is since I was on leave when the email came through and legally can’t do any work they couldn’t legally expect a response? Since legally my paperwork says I can’t be on computers. 

My boss is a total dick so no hope of her looking out for me. I have 6 weeks of short term disability left but really would like the pay out to be an option when I return. 

What are our thoughts? Also if it isn’t an option do I have legal footing in court since they tried to request a time sensitive decision from me while on FMLA and short term disability when they knew I wouldn’t see my work computer?
I’ve been with Blink for over a year and they are no coming out with all these time changes and it’s getting ridiculous as far as the requirements. I understand if people are not doing their job but they are getting really picky with things.
I think that I would add my spouse to my health insurance after we get married and wondering what to expect. Would his premiums be the same as I'm currently paying for mine or would they be more? Would we need to select the same health insurance plan or could we each choose a different one?

Thanks!
I was terminated from Amazon and said I couldn’t come back  after 90 days because I dropped a f 💣 smh anyhow I applied for the cleaning company that clean inside amazon am I going to get the job or they gonna go off on what amazon said
My drug test came back with an error, it took them a week to tell me that I'm supposed to start on the 19th and now I have to drive back tonight at 8:30 to take a new drug test. Any idea what would of given it an error and will I lose my job that I'm supposed to start on the 19th and have to take a different shift?
Can someone explain to me how ot works is it automatically overtime when you come in for a extra shift??
Is anyone else experiencing strict rules in the Mezz?? My site has recently just implemented the rule that if we get 3 overages or shortages in a week we get a write up. That’s never been the case before. Is that a tactic to get rid of people? Thanks in advance.
Can you get hired as permanent if you start as seasonal ?
What are the metrics that Partner Sales Managers use to measure/gauge performance?
I'm a university student studying logistics management and currently I'm doing a project related to how different companies manage their warehouses and such.

I'm wondering if there's any chance I could have an interview with someone who'd know this about Amazon.
Has anyone had any experience working at a Amazon airhub? Looks like that’s where I will be positioned. How is it compared to a warehouse/ fulfillment center ?
What if you worked at Amazon and you have no write ups. One day you was going through the metal detectors and you never heard it go off nor did security call you.Then you get fired b/c they said you refused to go to secondary screening. who’s wrong?
Does anyone know if I am able to add a child to my benefits if I am not their legal guardian?

We got a yearly raise $1 more an hour. Boom sorry your insurance is going up in January. Know the amout brings you to a negative. That's what unions do. Give some then take  In other areas.
Hey All,

If you have an extra 2 minutes, I've created a short survey so my company can understand how Frontline Workers are currently being treated at work. I'd really appreciate everyone sharing their honest feedback if you have the time!

Also, feel free to drop a comment below with some stories about work that you find important.

[Survey Link Here](https://forms.gle/1qfr3SUkVBv9Q41K8)

Thanks everyone!
So, I received an email stating that I need to log into my Amazon A-Z account, but I need a username. I looked up where to find it and people are saying it’s on the badge, but I don’t have a badge because I start in 2 days so… please help me lmao
Does that mean I’ll get paid December 1
Just got the thanksgiving schedule on a to z. Site closes at 3 pm! On thanksgiving? Ya'll can kiss my ass right in the browneye! I've saved my upt all year just for this!
was offered employment with the company. i left before my 1 year mark as per my contract, however i have not yet been reached out by anyone in regards to paying back my sign on bonus or my RSUs. for my RSUs specifically although nothing vested, my account is still showing the payment schedule. did anyone go through the same thing. also im in california, so is there a statue of limitations on when they can ask for their money back? ty in advance!
I found an old post that said you get 10 hours of PTO and 20 hours of UPT on day 1. Is this still true?

ETA: this is for a distribution center
Hey y’all! I have about 5 and 1/2 hrs upt and 1 hr PTO but have been sick the past two days .. I’m nervous to not go in tonight for my 4 hr shift due to a low balance .. opinions needed and would I only get let go for negative upt or would low upt have me let go?
I was invited to take a coding challenge as part of an SDE application, with 7 days to take it. I tried it 4 days after receiving the email, but surprisingly it says the link expired and that I should contact the recruiter.

Clearly I have 2-3 days more to take the challenge but it doesn't work. Whom do I contact now? I don't see any Job ID in the email, it's from a "no reply" address, and I don't see any email address anywhere in the job application or the Amazon careers website. 😞
Would HR let me transfer to pt flex pack-flow faster if I have health issues?

Why am i still waiting for my background check i did not back out of my shift or start date why did i log into amazon jobs and my shift disappeared?
Does anyone work at STL8? Planning to move soon and possibly transfer. I would like to get the inside scoop on the warehouse. The stuff that they don't tell you in training, but later learn from the seasoned employees.
So I picked up a 2hr shift for Saturday why when I checked it 2 days later it switched to a whole 10hr shift? The hell they think they doing
I'm considering a BD role at AWS, but I am actually really interested in working on the retail side of the business, particularly Amazon Fashion. Is it common for folks within the company to move from AWS to Amazon Fashion? I did a LinkedIn search and found Amazonians that made the leap, but I'm not sure if that is common practice... it seems like people within Amazon move across the enterprise all the time...but AWS seems somewhat siloed.
I briefly worked at a fulfillment center, and added my discount to my personal Amazon account. How do I remove the code from my account?

**r/AmazonMBA** is for those interested in the nuances of Amazon's 100+ businesses including:

•economics, 

•data analytics, 

•marketing, 

•human resources management, 

•logisticc and supply chain, 

•financial management, 

•investor relations, 

•regulatory compliance & antitrust, 

•process improvement, and 

•social  responsibility
After a whole bunch of flaming on fire hoops to jump through, I'm *FINALLY* starting at the Fulfillment Center on 12/3. Jesus H Christ I never thought I'd be here typing this 😂

My shift will be Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday from 5:15pm-4:00am. What overtime day usually tacks on with this schedule? 

What will I be doing during these hours and my shift? 

I can't believe I get to start at the FC I wanted from the very start. I was supposed to start the 29th at a delivery station as seasonal because the onboarding process, mainly background check, was dragging out and there weren't any more slots at the FC. So thankful I popped on and checked for shits and giggles, it was surprisingly easy submitting an application with all of everything on file already 😁
I'm FlexRT so i'm wondering what counts as a "work week." Is it from the day shifts post (Friday) to the next Friday? Orrrr is it Sunday to Saturday on the calendar? Want to make sure I'm hitting 30hrs a week.
Lmk im starting this week.
My fiancee is starting their new job at amazon and this is the schedule they recieved for their first day. Does GMT-8 affect the time or is it still Nov 11 at 1:20am? We are in PST if that helps. Just not sure why they put it in GMT and if it has any affect on the time?
When we have labor share, training, accommodation people come into a department and they say labor to high and or count to high for the day. Is training, accommodation, labor share. Part of that count, or free hours, not used in amounts

I made a post on here a while ago about how I was concerned about passing a drug test to get hired for Amazon. However, now that I’m hired, would it be alright to indulge in a little bit of weed from time to time? After working at Amazon for a little bit as a delivery warehouse associate, I’ve already noticed that at least half the workers at my location smoke weed. Hell, the locker room almost ALWAYS smells like weed whenever I walk into it. Even some of the employees sometimes look high or outright REEK of weed while at work. 

There’s no way I will smoke on the job as that’s just not who I am. However, would it be alright to do so off of work, or would that be too much of a risk? I ask this because I did some research and found that if there’s a major accident at work (or if you’re under suspicion of being under the influence), they will make you take a drug test. And from what I’ve read, if you fail on that drug test, you get the boot. 

I’m honestly pretty torn. I know several employees who smoke both with and without medical cards, but I don’t want to accidentally put myself in a situation where I decide to light up one night and then the next day there’s a horrible accident that forces everyone to get tested within the next few days. 

Does anyone have any advice for me on this predicament? I’m all ears.
Hi, I’m a relatively new employee at Amazon, and I am also a student at the University of Arizona. For my business management class, my team is conducting a research project on organizational commitment and stress at Amazon and the effects these two things have on employees. It would help greatly if you would fill out this short anonymous survey. Thank you!!


I was approved for an unpaid medical leave of absence for 7 months because I was in a car accident and I shattered my elbow, shoulder and ribs. I’ve asked ERC and DLS if my health insurance will still be active during the leave and they keep giving me different answers. Some say yes, some say no. It’s hard enough recovering, but not knowing what will happen w my medical insurance is the most difficult part. 

Help pls! 🙏🏼
How long does the background check and drug test take my start date is the 15th.
So I just saw a posting on Amazon that said flex shift 19 hours a week but the shift that’s listed in the description is 4 10 hour shifts a week. So how does this work? Am I only obligated to work 19 hours or am I required to put in the whole 40? Very confused lol. And am I required to do all of those training days?
I am an SDE in Amazon originally came from a mid sized startup.
I got completely blown away from the offer and chose to come on board.
It has been already 10 month and I hate every second.
From a pensioned developer, I started to hate coding, I feel like I lost my spirit and become super lazy.
Every move I make, every new Idea I propose meets a wall of bureaucracy and criticism.
My day to day tasks are boring and made of 70% maintace work and answering to tickets. The other 30% is to try to figure out how to do super simple stuff using Amazon’s old systems, which means reading lots and lots of outdated poorly looking wiki pages.
I feel that I did the mistake of my life… and wonder wether its only me and like 1-2 years from now things are going to be ok, or this is the way it is.
I got hired on at a delivery station starting 11/29, seasonal but I heard you get hired on as regular if your attendance is good 🙏 my issue is, the pay on my details shows $19 and on MyDocs it says "base pay $17.25"

HUH?!
My first day is Saturday is it possible to have that changed because I’m pretty sure I have strep throat.
I'm currently a seasonal/ 20hr max employee at an XL warehouse.  In trying to remember the rules on how to stay active.  Right now it's been hard to get some shifts because of all the new hires. I don't remember if it said you have to work at least 1 shift a week or 1 shift a month to stay active. Was wondering if anyone knows or if they can show me how to look for it in the app. Thanks!
Hey, do you get a locker? If so, can you lock it- and how big are they roughly? I’m tryna figure out if I’ll be able to bring my lunchbox to work with me lol
Can you work at two Amazon warehouses or you can’t ? One is morning shift & one is night shift .
Q1, How short of a notice can amazon give you regarding your met day? And If you work a 36hr schedule would anything over Be OT?

Q2, When amazon Is inoperable and they send you home are you payed for the hours you should’ve worked? Is it the same if they cancel a day you never clocked in for?

And lastly any advice or tips Are welcomed❤️Started 3 weeks ago and Have only done pick but I heard they train you in other areas, I work 12 hr nights and my only complaint is how boring it can be, Normally I can rock the AirPods and listen to my Podcast/Music but the Floors seem way more strict this past week
I’m only 19 and working here until I find what I desire (and am eligible) for in life because it won’t be picking! To each is own though The moneys cool for my Situation🥂Investing in Some Flower🌚 and some energy drinks Seem to help get through the nights🧙🏼‍♂️
couple weeks ago i saw on my account that i have a balance hold on my giftcard balance, of about $200. which they cant see btw... so i had to keep sending them screenshots whenever I talk to a new person..

ive been having issues with the amazon rep on trying to get this resolved... until finally yesterday i got an email back from the last person that was helping me saying

"As i have checked with my supervisor and confirmed that there is no gift card amount on your account which is on hold,"

"we have checked this and confirmed that it is a technical glitch,"

it is NOT a technical glitch...

i had $xxx in my amazon giftcard balance. and its down by exactly the amount thats on a "pending balance hold"...

what can i do here? its been almost over 3 weeks since trying to get this resolved and its been a mess...
I had my pre hire appointment 10/22, drug test came back 10/24 it's 11/4 Amazon is STILL reviewing my background check. I start 11/8. I was supposed to start 11/1 but I had to push back my start date because of all this mess. First Advantage finished the background check 11/1 Amazon had it in their hands by 6am 11/1. I've called so many times to have this escalated and they say "it'll be ready before your Day 1 please wait more time".  Somehow I don't believe them. 

😖😖😖😖
Hello,
So I start on Mon Nov 13th, would I get paid the 17th or the 24th?
I just went down a rabbit hole on trying to find a similar situation like mine but seen nothing. I recently (10/06) got terminated over upt, I was a T3. 
I went back to work (09/14) after a long maternity leave, I left at the end of March. I returned on the ramp up program which meant I was on a accommodated schedule. Since they had someone take over my shift ( I used to be the only PA working 8p-6a) I was asked to change my schedule so I agreed even though I had been told my schedule was to not be touched since it was accommodated. Which in hindsight was a terrible decision, it was never actually changed since HR was out. My time kept having to be corrected over that. I voiced about not working the right amount of hours to OPs and he said he’d talk to HR. Well fast forward I missed a day and even tho I had the pto and vacation time I was unable to enter my time because my schedule was all messed up. I got terminated a few days after. 
I’ve been trying to appeal it since but every time I attempt to join the meeting for it, they never join. Part of me feels I should just give up but I was honestly getting paid really well and I don’t understand how after being there barely 3 weeks after maternity leave I was fired.

 Has anyone dealt with a similar issue? Having troubles even going thru the appeal process? Is there even anything I can do? I’ve called erc, I’ve sent out emails. I’m just feeling extra helpless.
I'll be at the warehouse in Mesa Arizona I believe it's fulfillment. My original training was in Washington State at the fresh Warehouse. Just hoping that it's not going to be much different.
Hey, Everyone! So, I'm in SoCal and time goes back an hour on Sunday at 2am. I feel dumb, cuz I can't figure out how this affects night shift. I mean, are we expected to work that extra hour?
Yehhhhh I need these 30 days to hurry up so I can switch to part-time because I really can’t take 10hrs of amazon is pushing it I’m 25 and my body feeling broken down and it gets so boring…. Taking care of the elderly lifting dead weight don’t have my body feeling like that
First Advantage sent the background check to Amazon almost 48hrs ago and it's still F-ING "pending*. My first day is 11/8 and they're DRAGGING their feet it's still being reviewed by their background check team they're saying. Why is this taking so damn long how long could this possibly take?!
Currently working Flex RT and for the most part they always offering surge pay.
It doesn't matter if it's on site, or ERC. If you need anything more than a punch correction, at least in my personal experience with them, you're sol. Anyone ever had them actually solve or help with a complex problem?
Does anyone know when you get an increase in vacation accrual. I'm still in my first year and every week I get 47 mins added to my vacation time.
I’m currently working full time as a seasonal employee but i need to catch up with my school work. So the question is who do i tell if I want to leave on a good note so if I want to go back later on I can? 

I was thinking on using my PTO and then my UPT, but when that’s gone what do I do?
got back hired to work for the warehouse and i got good hours.
Tell me of thy woes
Hello everyone! I just received my email today saying that I got accepted for Amazon's HR Partner role.  But, in the email, it stated that the recruiting team is "...working on confirming the locations for our 2024 openings. We will reach out to you in the coming months with an update regarding your offer". For some context, this role falls under the university hire program and won't start until the earliest, January 2024, to potentially September 2024. 

I wanted to ask anyone on here that has experienced this process and could help answer some questions that I have.

1. I know in the application process they ask for your state preferences but not the city. Does Amazon take city preferences as well?
2. How long does Amazon take to reach back about the offer and location? The recruiter said "coming months" so would that be potentially even by December?
3. When the offer comes in, do I get an opportunity to negotiate both the location and pay for the position?

Thank you in advanced for reading this and for your advice!
So my background check is in the hands of Amazon now, I got notified First Advantage finished it today when I woke up. How long for Amazon to review it and change my status from pending to completed so I can order my shoes and fill out my new hire paperwork?

Just to help people understand what they are looking for in case you are on a trip to a fully legal state and want to still be able to enjoy yourself according to your own whims and then come back to the hot mess that is a random drug screen. 

For tier 1s, the screen is going to be a test similar to this shown in the link (tier 3 will be a urine sample test):

https://www.narcocheck.com/en/saliva-drug-tests/thc-marijuana-saliva-test.html

Generally speaking these tests look for amphetamines and marijuana from how I understand it, and most of all in the case of marijuana, it is looking for the carbon that binds to the inside of your mouth from the smoke (not a scientist but roughly this is what I understood). Just keep in mind you may be able to avoid this being a problem with this information in mind. Be safe and “drink” responsibly. :) 

If there is any helpful information please feel free to post below, also please refrain from being rude about other peoples life choices especially when it doesn’t affect you in any way.
Has anybody been put on a Focus plan based on false information?
So my start date is 11/8 and my background check status on First Advantage portal says - "Additional Handling Required -88% Complete" but says it will be completed by 11/2. Could anybody point me in the direction of what this means? Thanks so much!
Hi, 
What is the best site to go to to find a part time job with Amazon.  I'm outside of Detroit Michigan. Many warehouses near me, I just keep going around and around trying to find where to apply and end up in spam sites   

Thanks
Hi everyone! Hope all is well. I recently just got “hired” as a sortation center warehouse associate and have some questions for those who don’t mind. 

1: So two part question, but just confirming my actual first WORKING morning shift will be on the 12th of November 3:30-7:30, and the shifts shown are set correct? So it won’t change to just like 2 days a week and such, it’ll actually be those 5 days with those hours (give or take an hour as I heard) guaranteed?

2: This DOES mean I’m hired right? lol. And as  seasonal, how long does the “season” usually last, and is it possible to be kept after it? Is there any way to get more hours/days as a “seasonal” with these shifts if I wanted? Located around central Florida if that matters

3: Very stupid question, but what is the time off request policy and how far in advance? I assume I wouldn’t be allowed or wouldn’t look good to take off times such as Black Friday, Christmas, etc.

4: Side question, but how is the actual job for those who work it? Any opinions/advice would be great!

Hopefully someone can help me! I do plan on calling them if no one can answer, so no worries! Reason why I’m asking now ahead of time is because my gf and I share a car (which is no big deal). And I have another job, so having 2 part time jobs, will have to change schedule for the other one and today will be the last day to do so, so trying to plan as best as possible. Thank you so much in advance :) I appreciate anyone who came to read and if there’s any other info or advice, I’ll take it!!

Hi everyone, 

I’m currently an L4 Account Manager at AWS Japan and was wondering what exactly are my chances of being able to land a position in the states, preferably Seattle, through an internal transfer. I’m sure it depends on the role but I’m open to options whether it be AWS or Amazon. 
I’ve heard it’s difficult if you’re not considerably skilled or experienced.
Does anyone know how to add this to Apple Pay on your phone?


Ok so I started working at Amazon October 1 i started off ft picking…. in orientation they said you would have to wait 30 days to change to something else… I didn’t actually have to wait the 30 to switch to ft pack-flow but now I wanna know do I have to wait 30 days for this to disappear so I can switch to pt flex pack-flow
What’s the point in a snappy gift if I’m just gone be charged for it anyway? It’s not a gift at that point
Hello Everyone I had a quick question. Me and my cousin are starting Amazon soon. We are going to be making 19.90 and would like to know how much do you make with that pay. We were trying to calculate but wasn’t sure. We are working the 35h position(Thursday,Friday,Saturday). We would like to get a student apartment and I’m also saving up for a car on top of that and we just wanted to know does this job pay enough. Thank you to any comments.
Edit: We live in Texas idk if taxes make a difference in this question.
I was wondering what I should wear to my pre-hire appointment? Thanks!
Hey, I was wondering how often do you get paid at Amazon? And do you get benefits if you work full-time as a seasonal employee?



I just applied to a job at amazon warehouse but it says I’ll be preparing customers orders as the job description. I start on the 8th of November.  Does anyone know how I can actually apply to be a forklift driver and get certified and trained on that job instead?
I'm conflicted. worked about 15 different jobs and Amazon is the best employer I've had. anyone here participating in this?
So I'm very aware that Amazon isn't required to give me a LOA for religious reasons but I've had multiple fellow employees get LOA's for simple  things like travel (not even having to use vacation time). If I provide proof that I'm going to a religious ceremony out of state what are the odds I can get a just few days off? Thanks for any input!
My pre hire appointment was Sunday, 10/22 with a tentative start date of 11/1. My drug test came back quick and easy on 10/24 and its now 10/26 with my background check still pending. I know they said 5-7 business days for everything to come back but we're running out of "business days" here before my start date. I see people saying that they've been cleared in 1-3 days for the background check. I need to get in and get started. Should I worry? I haven't gotten any emails or contact from background check company or anything like that.
I just got hired as a seasonal employee at a delivery station. I’ve heard it’s pretty easy to get hired on as permanent if you do your job well, but is that your experience?

Also… my other concern is if I do get to stay, whether I’ll get to keep the shift I’m on. I have really specific schedule needs due to being a homeschool mom with young kids and limited childcare… basically I can’t go into work until my husband gets home in the evening but I also can’t work all night because I have to be able to stay awake all day to you know, educate the kids. 😜

So the shift I took is 9pm-1am, which is so perfect for me that I’m driving an hour to get to it (luckily I drive a civic lol). I would understand if they add extra PT shifts just for peak season, but I’m really hoping it will still be available afterwards and that I will be able to stay. Any insights?
Hi everyone, I recently cleared the interview with Amazon and the HR called me to congratulate me. They said they were putting together a offer letter. I was wondering what is the expected salary for a CSM based out of Seattle? If you could give me a breakdown on base, stocks and signing bonus then that would be great. I have 3 years of experience and a masters degree so I’m a bit overqualified for entry level CSM role. Also any CSM, would you recommend working for Amazon? I currently have a very chill government job that pays average wage but I have a lot of time to do other things on the side.
I read that the weight of a package is calculated once it has been scanned which implies the weight is determined by the system and not by an actual person.

That being said, someone must have the authority to change the weight of those packages.
I have had so many packages that come through and when I scan them to stow the system registers them as being a lower weight than they actually are, resulting in the bags being over the weight limit.
Example. I scan a package with a label that says the package is 2lbs. The system registers it at 2lbs but when I pick up the package it's actually closer to 10lbs or more 
Because the system registers it at only 2lbs it goes into a bag. Let's say during pick and stage that bag gives a weight of 46lbs which is just under the 49lb limit. Because that one package registered only at 2lbs and not the actual weight of 10lbs that bag will be 8lbs over the limit even more if there are other packages like this with the wrong weight on the label. 
We're told if when you scan a package and it shows to place it in the bag that's where it goes no questions asked.

So I know for a fact that the system may say the bags are under the weight limit but a lot of them are over the weight limit and when you have to toss a 57lb or more bag onto the top level, that causes a major safety issue.

So, my question is who has the authority to change the weight on packages? It has to be someone. Either it's someone who can manually change the weight or it's someone who has programmed the system to register certain weights as being X amount lower than they actually are.
Sorry for the long post, I couldn't think of a better way to explain it all.
I am furious because his requests to switch to day shift keep getting cancelled and they wont explain why.

He is literally going bald from insomnia and stress and not sleeping because a neurological condition makes it impossible for him to control his circadian rhythm to a nightshift schedule despite doing all the things he should. blackout curtains, exercise, etc, it just isnt working and he has been averaging 3 and a half hours of sleep for months which i didnt even know was possible. his brain is turning to mush so im frantic in trying to push this issue, this just cant go on and quitting isnt an option for reasons i wont get into but trust me if there was another way id tell him to quit.

He bugs them as often as possible about switching and just gets ignored. He hasn't mentioned any health issues and im wondering if he should or not.

I feel powerless to help.
Just got an offer for WHS- does anybody know if they are testing for THC in that role or not? Any current people in that role? Thanks y’all.
Will I get my final write up when I go in?

I currently have 2 write ups for rate. I am in pack and work 12 hour shifts. The rate is 150 in pack and 100 in gift wrap. I was switched between both of them (my manger said I shouldn’t be on gift wrapt anymore to focus on my pack rate until further notice) well the PA put me on gift wrap and pack I asked him halfway thru the shift to put me in pack as I told him previously I was not supposed to gift wrap until my write ups were gone. My rate was a 113 in gift wrap and about 117 in pack. They put me on a line with a bunch of new hires multiple of whom can’t speak English so the language barrier was hardand I had to stop to help them and get boxes multiple times. Does anyone think is will get terminated?
I’m applying for a Delivery Station Warehouse Associate job and have my first pre employment screening in a few days. I had no idea they were going to test for weed as I just had a massive smoke session with a friend the other day. I did some research and found that they no longer test for weed in certain positions, but I’m not sure what jobs are exempt from that. I found that jobs regulated by the DOT (Department of Transportation) will screen for weed, but no matter how much research I do, I can’t seem to find if the Delivery Station Warehouse Associate position will test for weed. 

Does anyone know if the Delivery Station Warehouse Associate position is regulated by the DOT and therefore would disqualify someone if they test positive for weed? I can’t find a concrete answer.

Side note: I’m in a medically legal state yet I’m not sure if that plays into any factor regarding the drug test. 

Thank you all in advance!


Ha! I applied back in June for Amazon blue badge looking for a second a job. I ended up getting a email 2 days ago and today a call I accepted the job. So emails should be coming in soon, now I’m currently 35 weeks pregnant due 11/21 and my start date is 11/06 Can you just imagine 1 week of training and 1 of work and boom delivery date. I didn’t tell HR in fear of not hiring but I need the income. What benefits or what do I do in this situation.
I got asked to schedule a 60 minute interview. I was part of the layoffs earlier this year and assuming this is just a meeting with the HM? Or will I have to go through the whole panel again?
https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-67163680
I’m currently a nightshift employee working Thursday-Saturday. I’m also currently in university, trying desperately to juggle everything together. I’m wondering what my options are for moving to day shift and what I should consider. I would like to keep the same Thursday-Saturday schedule if at all possible. I know flex shift is an option but I would prefer a set schedule. I could still work the 12 hour shifts on those days but I’m also willing to reduce my time. I’m curious about how part-time shifts are scheduled as well. I’m not sure if I could manage part time financially, but if I could it would mean I could graduate much faster.
(Sorry if this is dumb)I went to my pre hire appt 3 days ago and they said I would receive emails on what to do next, I haven’t heard anything yet and was wondering when should I expect an update? If they don’t hire me, will they let me know?
Does anyone know if they test for marijuana in the pre-employment drug test? I know it’s not related to aviation or transportation. Just want to make sure this is one of the jobs that does not require it. 

Thanks!
I know I am a lot older than most of the people here but I'm not above asking someone 20 years or more younger than myself for advice.

I am turning 52 Oct 20th and  for most of my life I have had physically demanding jobs, by choice. I enjoy a challenge, it keeps me going.

I loved working at Amazon at first, which come Nov 4th will be my first year.
Pick and stage is kicking my butt. It doesn't have to be as hard as it is and it wouldn't be if everyone pulled their own weight.its frustrating being one of the oldest workers in the building and seeing someone half my age hide in the bathroom after pulling 2 routes when I'm already on my 4th or more. I'm not bragging when I say I'm pretty good at pick and stage but even so, a body can only take so much. I've torn the tissue of the ligaments in both hands and that causes fluid to build up and once it presses against a nerve it's very painful but I still move forward.
Btw, I tore the tissue in my hands because the bags.are heavier than they should be and for the most part that is managements fault. Why? I can't tell you how many Ov's Ibe taken out of bag, one night there were 13 in one aisle but management won't go to the people doing it and at least find.out if some how they didn't know so it keeps on and on and on. Tossing a 45lb pound bag over your head again and again will eventually break you down. The other problem is that I have just about torn both elbows from pulling the heavy carts to their staging area which always seems to be at the very end of the warehouse. We have one cart that is so smooth you can literally push it with one finger. The others are super hard to move and you have no choice but to pull it all the way. It's crazy.
Anyway...
I'm thinking about transferring to an Amazon that is a.little more advanced than the one I'm in. I'm not afraid of hard work but there is a limit for everyone.
Where would you go if you were me or what other.positions are there? I only know what's at the Amazon that I work at. Not advanced in way of robots at all. Stowing in my warehouse is moving heavy boxes to the correct areas. I've seen others stow a lot different on videos I've found online.
Any advice is welcome as long as it's given in a adult manner. You know what I mean, no smart a......
i was a previous PA at a fulfillment center and looking at the Amazon grocery near me. i am looking just to be an Assoicate. What is the difference? 
Does anyone know how this stuff works. I'm looking at US and UK receipts all day. Not a clue if I'm doing anything right. No one can answer my questions so let's try it out here. 

Hi I'm currently in a high risk pregnancy that put me in extreme limited work. So Asset Tagging is where they decided to put me. Since I started here no one has been able to give me a straight answer. It's day 3 and I'm really worried about getting fired off of this side task. 

Is there a minimum I need to do? Who do I answer to? Why does this feel like busy work? What is the point?

Thank you for your ideas and responses in the future!
"AtoZ is experiencing an issue that may impact your experience. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, and we are currently working on a fix!"
Is this everyone or me only?
hi! i worked at a amazon fc in may for two weeks (3 12’s) and hated it, tried again a few weeks ago at a different fc (4 10’s) and hated it. i see a lot of open shifts for a sc near me i’m wondering if the sort center is any better? the shift i would be doing is sun, mon, weds, and thurs 8:30a-12:30p then 2p-6p. i like the fact there’s an hour and a half in between for my feet to rest & i can do some school work in between. i just don’t want to repeat the same mistake a 3rd time. thank you!
I start working at Amazon air on Tuesday and I wanted to ask if anyone has worked at Amazon air before and how was it?
Are the benefits worth it? Is there anything they offer that’s worth really working for them?
I know your 1st write up is active for 30 days,
2nd is 60 days, 3rd is 90 days then you’re fired but I’m wondering about the documented coaching? They’ve been giving them out like crazy at my building. One person said they got a write up and a few days later a documented coaching and was told I’d they get one more, whether that be a write up or coaching, they’re fired since it’s their 3rd strike? Which makes no sense since a documented coaching isn’t technically a write up. Just wondering how it works.

Also, if you get a 3rd write up, does that mean you’re going to get fired? Or do you get a 3rd one and if you do anything else, then you’re fired? And what exactly does “it drops off your record 30, 60, 90 days” mean?
So I just got hired as a seasonal employee a couple weeks ago and I was wondering if I were able to save up 40+ hours of PTO can I use that to take a week off because seasonal employees don't get vacation time.
I applied to be a warehouse associate at my local Amazon and I’m excited because the shift I applied for is flexible. The only problem is that the only pre hire appointments that they’re offering are all on this Sunday, when I am unavailable. I’d really like to get flexible shifts so I am concerned that if I withdraw that I won’t be able to get a flexible shift at my next chance. Is it likely that I’ll still be able to get a flexible shift if I cancel this pre hire?

I have never applied to Amazon so I’m a bit unfamiliar with everything. Any and all help is appreciated.
Alright so I started Amazon this week, and I am legitimately in so much pain. I was expecting it, same thing happened when I started Walmart, but this is worse than I thought. 

I'm typing this on my break and am just looking for ways to help prevent it in the future. I got used to the movements at Walmart just fine and didn't have ongoing soreness past my first week and a half, but I fear this may not completely go away with 3 days break in between 4 days on. Any ways to prevent that soreness? I plan to stretch but I'm looking for opinions on compression work socks, braces, etc.
Anyone work clt2 in Charlotte? Looking to see if it’s as bad as people say.
Anyone work at Amazon clt2 in Charlotte??
hi! so i start at amazon next week and i just got the email reminder telling me to finish everything and whatnot but the only thing i have left to do is order my approved work boots. i still haven't received a code from zappos for this so what do i do?
Hi

Recently received offer from Amazon, my interview in the first place gets postponed several times. Also, few of the staff send emails overnight and confirm the interview slot by themselves.

Later, i give the interview and get offered a position. Hr tells me the best ctc they can do, i comply.

During the onboarding process, i realize this is not the right job for me and tell my manager. He never responded to any emails that i've questions with but immediately responded to me getting off-board. Nvm that.

Later the recruiting staff do not respond with proper confirmation regarding the same. Also i get automated emails everyday about the onboarding process.  Now i get 1 credit into my account from amazon (i don't know what's going on). I didn't even accept the job related equipment. I mentioned to them all kindly before and i had to remind them once again and i'm worried about the data collected with their third party bgc. 

the onboarding process really took 60+ emails including recruiting staff, interview results, onboarding process, bgc and other. I'm just overwhelmed and not impressed with amazon at all. 
Does anyone know all or if not most of the situations that are considered behavioral misconduct? Thanks in advance:)

it’s more active and a lot more people .
I swear, Working at Amazon for over a year and on DAY ONE when I saw what was the usual (stand-up and whatnot) I muttered to a coworker "what is this Highschool?", fr though. When you start out you have attendance points, if your late you have to report to the AM(teacher), the AM has Morning and Afternoon Announcements, you get hurt you go to the Nurses office, and if you're in real deep Sh*t you go to HR(The Office)

Hey all, 

I quit Amazon almost a month ago (I was hired on as an Area Manager and quickly realized the job wasn’t for me) I have returned my sign on bonus almost in full (ouch) but haven’t heard anything about returning my laptop. Does anyone know who I should get into contact with about returning my laptop and vest? 

Thank you!
Has anyone actually received job alerts via email or text? I signed up 11 days ago and have received nothing. Is it broken or do I need to change the filters/zip code?

*I lost my shift and start date due to background check taking too long and haven't seen a shift since*

If an imediate answer would be helpful. I wish I thought of this earlier. I’m trying to pick up a shift as of tonight, the only shifts that are given to me on the atoz app are positions for problem solve inbound. The thing is I don’t work problem solve I’m on the trailers inbound (don’t know technical term) am I allowed to accept the shift and just go to my normal work or is that not allowed? I’ve tried reaching out to HR but there’s barely ever a person at my location and I got no answer regarding through the app. I kinda need this extra time. Any suggestion would be appreciated.
Made a mistake on my SDE application form regarding my graduation details. I ended up submitting the application using my last year’s details which said that I was still in uni and my expected grad date was may 2023. I have now graduated and not in uni. Is my application void since the date was in the past and i’m not in school? I can’t contact the recruiter. Did I mess up? is it bad to ask my referrer to send me the contact details of the recruiter?

I'm pretty sure I had the record for most negative upt before I got canned. -244 hours. Anyone got more? Or am I the champ?
Hello, I am an account rep on the ssr team. Wondering how I can set myself up to move to a PM role or a tech sales rep on teams like aws. Would love advice from those who have made the switch.
What do you do when you catch the opps on your shift💀
So I am fixing to start my first day at Amazon, but I have ordered my shoes and they haven’t came in yet. Will this affect me or my first day of training?
I am scheduled to begin work this week in a FC as a warehouse associate. I am starting to get really worried that I won't be able to handle the physicality of the job. I'm not in terrible shape but certainly not in great shape.

I'm 38 year old male. I had a few warehouse jobs when I was younger but have mostly had office jobs for the past decade. Last year I had a temporary job that was very demanding physically working 12 plus hours a day, 7 days per week for 5 weeks. I survived because the pay was fantastic but I was exhausted.

I am not sure what I'm saying. I guess encouragement or something. Will I survive this job? I am absolutely desperate for income right now and am in a terrible jam financially.
Hi, 

I saw there was an open job in the treasury dept and was wondering if anyone knew what the structure was? Is it a high tier with lots of levels of management or pretty spread out?
Anyone work at CLT2 Charlotte NC?
If I were to switch my Monday for a Saturday and it gets accepted, would I able to pick up vto for that Monday I gave up if needed
I needed to take a PLOA for two weeks but the dates are blocked off because I’m just finding out it needs to be submitted 14 days in advance. 
Does anybody know if they will be able to put the PLOA in on their end if I call the ERC?
Hi everyone. I’m from Canada. Recently, I applied to a work from home job for Amazon. They sent me an email after 2 days and offered me a job. After that I got an email saying that I need to pay $60+ to get the equipment delivered to my location otherwise I’d have to go pick it up from their office in Vancouver, BC and I live in Toronto. 

Is it a proper approach? Should I pay for it or could it possibly be a scam? I also don’t remember if I applied through the Amazon’s official website. 

Additionally, I have sent them my ID and SIN card.
I have an opportunity to go through my final round of interview at Amazon and position is located in Arlington, VA for non-tech position.

Could anyone share 401K options, Stock Options, ESPP and how many PTO + Sick you get when you start?

Hi All,

I wanted to know experience of people who are working in Amazon Swansea in the newly acquired company by Amazon - Veeqo

How’s work ?
How’s office ?
How’s the place ?
Hello, I just do a random test in my FC warehouse in UK. I receive a message on my scanner todayto go on flow desk, there one of the managers told me to go because I was chose to do a random drug test. I smoke a night before but in my way to office I drink a glass of juice and I try to keep as much as I can before I need to talk with them. Do you think I will be fired? The results will come in one week........... see Amazon review his policy about THC, but I don't know if it's apply worldwide or just in US....
I’m a corporate employee and my boss sent me an email about a “coaching plan”. My boss discussed some things that need to improve otherwise we’ll have to have a “tough discussion” in 4-6 weeks. This isn’t an actual, formal performance plan, correct? I would have expected it to be clearly communicated and maybe even have to had signed/acknowledged it if it was an actual performance plan. Also, do corporate employees get any sort of severance if terminated? Obviously trying to avoid that, but just curious.
Hi! So I just got hired as an Amazon Air Associate for KCVG and i don't start until October 19th. Anything different or off the wall I should expect? This is my first job that isn't a restaurant and also my second ever job! For some context, i just graduated high school this past year so i need to start adulting. Thanks for the feedback!!
Hello, I just do a random test in my FC warehouse in UK. I receive a message on my scanner todayto go on flow desk, there one of the managers told me to go because I was chose to do a random drug test. I smoke a night before but in my way to office I drink a glass of juice and I try to keep as much as I can before I need to talk with them. Do you think I will be fired? The results will come in one week........... see Amazon review his policy about THC, but I don't know if it's apply worldwide or just in US....
Hello, I just do a random test in my FC warehouse in UK . I receive a  message on my scanner todayto go on flow desk, there one of the managers told me to go because I was chose to do a random drug test. I smoke a night before but in my way to office I drink a glass of juice and I try to keep as much as I can before I need to talk with them. Do you think I will be fired? The results will come in one week.........I see Amazon review his policy about THC, but I don't know if it's apply worldwide or just in US....
Fellow Amazonians! Now that we all have to go back to the office, I've designed a collection of coffee mugs that take a hilariously sarcastic and punny twist on Amazon's Leadership Principles. Each mug embodies a principle with a twist of humor - from "Bias for Action" to "Dive Deep".

Check these out and I hope to add a bit of sunshine to your day in the office. Grab it for yourself or someone you know who needs it, with the 40% off sale now.

Upvote and Comment below if you like to see other LPs in this collection so I can keep designing these!.

Cheers to leadership, humor, and a whole lot of coffee! 🎉☕

Earn Trust:  [Funny Amazon Employees Mug Coworker Gift Sarcastic Leadership - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1546129055/funny-amazon-employees-mug-coworker-gift?click_key=5d75ca738cab8dcb1c4387cd5412adca02fc1e95%3A1546129055&click_sum=1b48b18b&ref=shop_home_active_33&pro=1)

Bias for Action:  [Funny Amazon Employees Mug Coworker Gift Sarcastic Leadership - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1546127629/funny-amazon-employees-mug-coworker-gift?click_key=81dc62960bde5fc7d0cd90b7f2636be785067869%3A1546127629&click_sum=10ce1c07&ref=shop_home_active_34&pro=1) ;  [Funny Amazon Employees Mug Coworker Gift Sarcastic Leadership - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1546126927/funny-amazon-employees-mug-coworker-gift?click_key=67db942806d7a84197dc3a86d17ea8a42d5c6ac8%3A1546126927&click_sum=ef990c34&ref=shop_home_active_35&pro=1)

Deliver Result:  [Funny Amazon Employees Mug Coworker Gift Sarcastic Leadership - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1546125867/funny-amazon-employees-mug-coworker-gift?click_key=797ced9b3672c153267da5e058b2e0c48786095e%3A1546125867&click_sum=51459dea&ref=shop_home_active_36&pro=1)

Dive Deep:  [Funny Amazon Employees Mug Coworker Gift Sarcastic Leadership - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1531937252/funny-amazon-employees-mug-coworker-gift?click_key=3bdc85b13c50314313d03299d8da3bc44ec1c068%3A1531937252&click_sum=93a8a9e4&ref=shop_home_active_37&pro=1) ;  [Funny Amazon Employees Mug Coworker Gift Sarcastic Leadership - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1546113239/funny-amazon-employees-mug-coworker-gift?click_key=f74ff2779e42356bb490ab84630259b1a6b4c6c4%3A1546113239&click_sum=41ce0bf1&ref=shop_home_active_39&pro=1)

Insist on High Standards:  [Funny Amazon Employees Mug Coworker Gift Sarcastic Leadership - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1546122959/funny-amazon-employees-mug-coworker-gift?click_key=bac6836d7b9b87169c8018256f7f7da2b65f568b%3A1546122959&click_sum=5cd4cfd4&ref=shop_home_active_38&pro=1)

I also got matching shirts in this section:  [OnceOnlyArt - Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/shop/OnceOnlyArt?ref=shop_sugg_market&section_id=44498417&page=2#items)

p.s. I couldn't find any community rules on this reddit so apologies in advance if we are not allowed to self-promote.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/l0ukxtqxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6ab19cc7b2da871817ecba71a9ca89335d278f8e

https://preview.redd.it/bu9kzmrxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3b2b3577ac90a0389f4889625948305fb5ab80da

https://preview.redd.it/zu74atqxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e02990a25569d6f05854ce6fce8b30e8bd1e9ba3

https://preview.redd.it/3t48gzqxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=56888d433a57219d740a7db64206f7eeadb9d64d

https://preview.redd.it/4rw4t9rxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=58f8734ac66b591557230239d87d2cc8c438a203

https://preview.redd.it/ufh8vuqxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=cb6f2b5e40989a0b4f0562bbeb8dccab26f9d0f5

https://preview.redd.it/jkufiprxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1630e56bdd471bd6960c8cd510a4779fb7a59698

https://preview.redd.it/02tyrvqxwopb1.jpg?width=2048&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=385e8bd932219945b0d8fef876ca0f03f77190b3
Is someone who knows if Amazon Will increase the pay rate for Amazon warehouse associate?

I just had my first day at an Amazon delivery station and wanted to know if anyone has recommendations for good-cheapish smart glasses. I know some people say their FC's turn a blind eye to people wearing one earbud and listening to podcasts/music, but they seem to be sticklers about this being a smaller delivery station.  I read some reviews on some and almost all of them say it is hard to hear in a loud environment so does anyone know of some glasses that have good loud sound quality?
I quit after my maternity leave because my son was born with a medical condition. It’s been a year and a half and I just applied for another warehouse and saw they have a drug screening, I remember them saying they did that before but they never actually did it or ever enforced it. 

Anyone from az that can confirm if they actually drug test? Just worried about cannabis. My son passed away when he was 4 months and unfortunately grief is a b**** and it’s the only thing that helps me sleep.
Years ago u worked from home for Amazon and as nervous and anxious as it made me I think I generally enjoyed it but I've never seen the offer again is it still a thing?
Anyone in this department be able to tell me if they offer a lot of VTO? 

I have the “reduced” schedule if that’s important.
What is a "pre-hire appointment"? Does this imply that I almost automatically have the job upon applying? What am I missing here?

Any insight or experience would be appreciated greatly.
Hi everyone, 
I wanted to post on here because there might be people in my shoes or who have done this in the past. I am getting married next year in June and relocating to the United Kingdom. I have surfed through the internal job board at Amazon and saw some positions that are eligible for internal transfer. My husband-to-be is can only file for my visa after the marriage contract is signed. I am wondering;
1. what the international transfer process looks like
2. If I can take a LOA until I get my work authorization then apply for an international transfer 
3. If it’s worth it or if I should just quit and reapply after I get my documents. 
4. If it makes sense to talk to her about it yet and if anything useful will come out if that conversation 

For context: I am a U.S citizen so if I do take a LOA, I will be staying in the UK in the mean time 

All insights welcome! Thank you!
Just got hired for the listed shift above, what can I look out for? I'm going from maintenance to this for the pay and benefits, and trying something new. I know it'll be repetitive work but wanted to know if there's anything to look out for, and if there is the possibility of picking up a shift or 2?


Does Amazon cut hours for seasonal employees and if I show up to work everyday and do my job correct. Would I be moved to full time?
Hello, if you work in amazon fulfillment you probably heard of an associate who died in jambusting accident 3 months ago. And now everyone have to redo jambuster training and can't do jams above 2.5 m and have to call RME, I know, so annoying. Now, how did he died exactly? Does anyone know? I heard so many versions. From being decapitated to electrocuted. I was told he wasn't jambuster trained and went on scissor lift to clear the jam when accident happened. If he wasn't trained, why do we change jambuster training? I'm in the UK but this thing affected us so much when it comes to doing jambusting.
Before today as a flex employee I was able to schedule up to 60 hours a week, now I’m being capped at 36 is this a bug or is it happening for everyone
What do you do when your manager announces that they are being moved to another time/department and, secretly, everyone is glad to see them go?
I’ve accepted a transfer offer and start the coming week. The my schedule has yet to reflect that. Is this normal?

Hello all, tomorrow it's my first day at Amazon warehouse, my main question is they still do a drug test? And if somebody who smokes pass the test.
It’s been about 3-2 years since I worked for Amazon and decided to give it another go. I needed something quick just to get hit with this road block. I’ve been working Amazon delivery since then so I’m not really understanding why I can’t apply. It really rejected my application the moment i submitted it.
I applied for the job role of a VCS on Amazon for two locations Delhi ncr and UP and gave separate assessments for them.

During the interview, I asked 2-3 interviewers about the job location and all of them confirmed it to be Delhi NCR. But the offer letter I have received is of UP.

Who should I contact to rectify this issue? I mailed the HR but no response.

So I checked on the Amazon job portal, but only job role and job id is mentioned. There's is no mention of job location. Is it possible to find job location using job id. Can somebody tell me the job location based on job id?
I interned at Amazon, in Sunnyvale, California, from May-Aug 2023. Received an inclined decision from my manager. One week after my internship, I got a mail from Student Programs saying that the organization is currently inspecting headcount availability in the team. I haven’t heard from them since. It’s been over 3 weeks.

I assume there are several interns in the same situation. Are there any interns who have received an offer yet? People who currently work at Amazon, do y’all have any idea when they may release headcounts for FY 24?
I live in Louisiana and I wanna apply to Amazon in Washington state because the pay is way better but I don’t have the means to get there on my own will Amazon offer me relocation assistance to move out there as a new employee or no?
I start work at 6:30pm and get off at 5:00am i left early at 1:30am wasnt feeling good i had pto to cover it so correct me if im wrong i would need to cover 3 and a half hours remaining just looked again to make shure was correct says they took upt and now im negative and the time they took doest make any sense am i missing something??
Does anyone know how long amazon usually takes to evaluate your rehire eligibility status after applying? Representative said my application is active and that was a good thing but couldn’t say how long the process takes.
I am prescribed Klonopin for sleep and medical marijuana for PTSD, I've got 6 days until my pre employment test. How do I go about telling them that I'm prescribed this stuff?
Is anyone else’s anytime pay just not loading and giving you the message to call hr?
For everyone working at smf6 I am sorry to inform you our glorified learning trainer “marky mark” is not who he made himself to be this is Glenn Alejandrino.
Ive work at an Amazon fc for a year now and I'm just now learning our paid breaks hurt our productivity rate and that can lead to a write up. I work rt shift 12 hours in pick and now I'm so scared to take my breaks cause I just got a write up last week. Is there anything I can do to make myself pick faster, I'm already pushing my limit.
Case: I have been working for AWS for 4 years, and am leaving AWS soon. I have very good relationships with one of the customers I support at AWS, and think about working for them.

Question: I want to know if anyone who worked for Amazon or for AWS, moved to their former customers, and if there were any legal actions that Amazon took against them.
My brother inlaw works for Amazon and he said to just stop by the nearest Amazon fulfillment center and apply in person. He is currently resting cuz he works the night shift so i can ask him if I need a resume printed out or not. I have my updated resume in my email but I'm also going with my brother's who are in need of jobs more then I am and they don't have their resume up to date. 

Do we really need them to apply to Amazon? Ive always heard that Amazon hires almost anyone.

Do your points fall off while you are on leave?
Can someone please explain to me how we gain each of these and how much we get a year? thank you.
I usually stow, maybe I've done p2b 2-3 times. Usually if I need to rip ass I let it fly then go to my other aisle to wait it out...

Well I got p2b the other day and one stower completely bombed his aisle. He didn't even vacate the area.

I just have to say that shit just wafts right to the p2b area. Shoots down the aisle like a fart cannon.

I will be more mindful of my ass now.
Got offered a job at a distribution center but I am 52 and a little over weight. I have worked in factory's most of my life. The past 5 years i have done retail management. I really like the pay and benefits that Amazon offers. At my age can I make it, am I just a heir to fire? Looking around the warehouse I probably have 20 years on the next guy. Thanks.

I love how management in Decant today told us to “…just use ‘dirty’ totes” and then acted surprised when nothing was working. Never trust a new PA.
I work at a SC and I recently changed my schedule. I get the exact same amount of hours just different times and I have always been able to get VET. For next week, apparently they dropped a lot of VET and I did not get offered any. I asked around and I was shown that others were, in fact, picking up VET but my app still showed nothing available. I tried the online a to z and same thing. HR is gone by the end of my shift so what could be the issue.
     Hi, I need a different set of hours/start date and haven't went to my first date yet. What happens if I were to put in the reason for the change and click confirm (see screenshot)? Will it cancel my whole job and make me look for a whole schedule and job offer, or will it give me a chance to just change my start date?
     Hi, I recently accepted a job at amazon and am assigned to start on the 15th this month. However, since jobs at amazon are hard to come by, I did not expect to come across a job so soon. My friend and I booked a airbnb reservation for the 22nd-25th and would still like to go but my respective schedule includes Fridays and Saturdays.
     I have not yet come in and cannot get a hold of managers or hr because of their security policies. Instead, I would like to try and change the schedule and/or start date, but I cannot seem to find any new postings. I had heard they post Mondays and Fridays at 5am and this is what I got. 
     Anyone have an accurate day/time that they have new listing, or is it because I haven't had a first day that I cannot see new postings?
     Hi, I was recently hired at an Amazon sortation facility and won't be starting until September 15. Before I even applied for the job, I had booked an airbnb for the dates September 22-25. 
     I wanted to see if I can contact a manager beforehand to ask for those days off, well the Friday and Saturday only. However, after some phone calls, they told me I cannot be given their information until I see them on my first day.
    However by the time that happens. I'll only have 7 days to ask for the days off and I feel like that is short notice versus doing it now. How can I go about getting a hold of a manager or getting those days off so I can give them a heads up before my actual first day.
Apparently Amazon doesn’t appreciate it when you make George Orwell comparisons while at work. #literaryhumor
I want to show that I’m adaptable for a job interview through adjusting to new processes and technology but my Brain is blanking a little —it’s been a few months. 

Positions: so I know most of the positions I worked—picker, Stower, buffer, pusher on rotation but I think I’m missing or two other positions they use to put me in towards the front of the line. Also how would you describe the stream like service from the start of the facility to the stow at the end.

Second question 😅 what are our scan guns and the little devices we used to stow called? Is it just called a scan gun? Is it just a phone/tablet? I have forgot since I left.
I started as a T1 in October of 2021, got promoted to T3 PA September of 2022, and have an L4 position lined up when the time comes. I haven’t always had the greatest teams to work with, I’ve had to go to HR about previous management, I have been pushed to my absolute limits, but for right now my team is fairly good and helpful. But the more I submit myself to this workplace, the more my mental health declines. I contemplate quitting almost every single day. No exaggeration. It’s a complete and utter struggle to drag myself out of bed every night and make myself endure another shit day full of bs. That’s another thing, I fucking hate my schedule, I’m sick and tired of night shift and I’m stuck. There’s no other option. I have no life outside of work because I sleep all day. I’m fucking exhausted. I’ve already taken a three week LOA for feeling this way months back to prevent myself from just quitting. I’m feeling it again. Every night is the same old shit. It’s not only the most repetitive job in the world, but our associates dgaf about the consequences of them not doing their job properly because the extra work just gets offloaded onto the PA. Me. I am running my ass off for 10 fucking hours, sometimes 10 and a half because I don’t get a chance to take my “mandatory” break, doing way more than I’m paid to do because others don’t do the bare minimum. Not to mention the horrible staffing issues we’re having rn. Short staffed every night. I fill in all the blanks. Then more associates get pissed off half way through shift. I fill in those blanks too. Then at end of shift, I have to go back and fix everything they fucked up. Rinse and repeat. I’m losing my mind. The pay isn’t worth it. I don’t even wanna move up anymore. I don’t wanna be any more responsible for what these shitheads do. But why don’t I just leave? Because I have adapted to the freedom that Amazon provides. What other job let’s you just not show up or leave early just because you have the time available. I just can’t think of another job that I would make it in at this point. I wouldn’t know where the hell to go from here. I just don’t know. But I’m losing my mind.
Is anyone else not getting any more PTO? I reached the limit this past saturday/ started in june & I work in a long island warehouse.
Anyone here from PillPack/AP? I've been with pillpack going on 4 years and this shit is ass. 

All these lay offs have been crazy, and with all this automation being rolled out for my department it seems like more are coming in the next 1-2 months.
 [https://discord.com/invite/pJK9ufXk](https://discord.com/invite/pJK9ufXk)

There are tons of evidence a layoff is coming to field OTS in September as the org prepares to change the field from blue badge to yellow badge and cut by 50% headcount.
lost my work id, who i talk to to get another ?
I just got an offer to transfer to SMO1 in Kansas City, MO. The shift is 9 pm - 6:30 am. There is no shift differential, only the base wage. I asked HR if it's a mistake but they weren't able to help me. Is anyone familiar with this site or with this shift time frame and have any info about why they wouldn't offer the differential? Thanks!
https://fb.watch/mINp6IWBi1/?mibextid=RUbZ1f


[https://money.com/a-slap-in-the-face-amazon-is-cutting-warehouse-workers-bonuses-right-before-the-holidays/](https://money.com/a-slap-in-the-face-amazon-is-cutting-warehouse-workers-bonuses-right-before-the-holidays/)

Pitched an idea to  site HR today saying that warehouse employees should get a quarterly bonus, but only if their attendance is good and they have no write ups. Lady told me  Amazon  used to do that. So I decided to do some research.

 Unless you are a vet or college hire, you need to apply as an external. 
Are you a military vet? You don't go from tier 1 (worker bees) to management (tier 4 or 5) internally.

Just an observation, but if you haven't researched the answers to this question on Google or Bing first, you aren't a candidate with initiative, problem-solving skills, and most important, knowledge of the company.

For professional and managerial positions in almost **every industry** the consideration is "*what problems can you solve for  the company; what solutions?*" This requires company knowledge. The Amazon interview process is well documented -- tons of websites & videos. 

**Just a few key points**

▪️Overall Amazon culture is founded on BEZO, the founder, **16 Leadership Principles**.

▪️The interview method is **STAR**.

▪️Technical/Engineering may require a **Whiteboard Exercise(s)**.

Amazon owns a 100+ companies. Operations (warehousing, supply, & logistics) is the largest, but not the most profitable.
Ignore the negative Nellies on Amazon subreddits - 1.5 million employees all can't be wrong working for its 100+ companies

ℹ️

💪Expect aches & pains the 1st two or three weeks. Try foot massages and stretching exercises for construction workers videos. The job fits those who are introverts and don't mind repetition & routine. If you need to socialize, bore easily, or regularly need a change of pace than it might not be a good fit.

👁️‍🗨️Keep an eye on the prize -- to pay for bills and do fun things off hours. Also take advantage of CAREER CHOICE upskilling

🧭**Get to know the information in ***A²Z*** app & Amazon User's Guide/Handbook.*
ℹ️Read VOA, the local site community board including Q&A

🤝Get to know your PA, AM (direct supervisor), and senior ops management if you can. It's not kissing butt. 

🛟Ask HR but also open an HR CASE with questions, request, & problems. Take screenshots.

📈Know your RATE and when it changes. Know when you are out of learning curve before you have to make RATE. 

⚠️Bathroom breaks at your discretion but you may have to tell the PA or AM to cover your absence. Bathroom break time is less than site designated minutes between scans. If the interval is more than XX minutes, (site depending), then you may be TIME off TASK (TOT) and your rates will start dropping These are write-up off offenses. Tell your AM if you need longer bathroom breaks so they can  prevent you being dinged. 

🥛☕🧀🥓🥩 Hydrate & Protein

🚫"**Cheat codes**?" Don't! Hidden & visible cameras everywhere. They will take their time to build a case, months, so it's a felony for physical theft or time theft. 

🚫Do not violate safety rules or go into taped or roped  off areas like AR (Robot) fields. Don't reach over or under the boundary; ask manager for help. 

🆘Don't hesitate to ask for a learning ambassador help; **not coaching**. Some sites consider coaching a writeup. Don't sign anything.

🛜Get your Amazon Network access for home computer to check what's in your personnel file such as a writeup the AM forgot to mention. Some writeups are computer automated. HR may try to persuade you to use the kiosk, but there is not enough time. 

🚫Don't kick or otherwise damage equipment. Don't sit or lean on conveyance. Possible immediate termination & no rehire at any of Amazon's 100+ companies. 

🚫Don't show aggressive behavior. Possible immediate termination & no rehire at any of Amazon's 100+ companies. 

🔴Locate the red alarm button if others get into it around you or with you. 

💵💸Save money, bring your lunch (frozen meals, sandwiches, leftovers, --hot pockets, burritos, frozen sandwiches by case--) Go to Costcos or Sam's and buy your snacks by the case and store in the car trunk also bottle water or soda. Single serve drink powder with or without caffeine) Canned drinks in 🚘trunk is not a good idea depending on weather.

I just what to know what level and region you Amazonians are from.

I am L1 Line Assistent working in outbound at a sortation center in the EU region. 

Your turn, tell Uncle Bezos the truth.

Any and all info is welcome. The career coaching appointments are backed up and the A to Z dashboard for careers is a maze. Please and Thank you
I did a swap shift to be off on a work day, but some ting came up and I need to money. Do you think I’ll be able to get VET if they sent it out for the day I have off now; due to the swap shift?
I worked at OKC1 as a seasonal employee last year for $18.40. They just reposted the same seasonal positions again this year, but the pay is only $16.80!!?? Am I missing something?
during the Holocaust, Nazi guards would force prisoners to move large rocks from one side of the prison yard to the other… as torture. Sound familiar?
Anybody (particularly night shift) in AZ down to chop it up about work or hobbies? First warehouse job and trying to be more outgoing but having difficulty in person while at work. Still loving the job though! Feel free to comment or dm
Have you ever had one of those days where no one seems to know their ass from their elbow?
What financial group has the account that they set it up for?  Is it automatically setup and money put into it?  I'm getting these emails about rejected password change attempts from workday/vancitgroup.  I'm just wondering how concerned I need to be regarding this as I don't know that I actively have an account with them.
I'm interested in obtaining information about the role and the interview process. I'm somewhat puzzled by the potential inclusion of a coding round, considering that Amazon typically incorporates coding assessments into most of their technical positions. It would be greatly appreciated if someone currently employed at Amazon could offer their insights and assistance.
Hi everyone. My aunt, who used to work in Amazon, recently lost her tumbler which she had sentimental value over. I would just like to reach out if anyone has an Amazon Logistics tumbler that they are willing to let go? I am willing to pay for the tumbler + shipping. The tumbler I am looking for hopefully is the silver tumbler with a bottle opener as the lid cover. Thank you very much. 
(I just want a cute latina girl who loves me) Would I get arrested for wondering around the building as a customer trying to snag a cute latina girl? Or would they not call the police but just have security escort me out the building? I mean seriously what’s the worst that would happen, I’d just be told I need to leave and then escorted out the building? I’m not hurting anyone, I just want a cute latina girl who loves me
Are there any other facilities that are fazing out some shift cohorts? I work at GEG2 and I've heard some new hires being forced to change their schedules because they don't want to have certain shifts anymore.
My manager says we can't get out 5 minutes early for our stations to take lunch or to clock out even if I clock in at 6:55 am or want to heat my meal we don't have enough microwaves in the cafeteria and we are many employees I'm in inbound decant department in SAN3 that's happened to any of you in your work place?
Anyone here got any experience to share about preparing for interview for a PA position?
My grandma passed away I have the obituary and everything but when I submitted my bereavement leave they didn't ask for it do I show hr when I go back or what happens I just don't want to get in trouble
im trying to apply for an overnight warehouse position buuuut wgen i apply i get an automated message saying they arent moving forward with my application. i havent workee at amazon ever besides being a driver last year.
Hello,

Any past or present employees ever had this happen? I recently applied after a bit of a break, mind you I’ve worked at amazon before. But I feel this is a first and I’m not sure if it’s happened to anyone else. 

When I applied I paid attention to the hourly rate. But when filling out paperwork online I noticed that there was a change in pay rate. I’m semi hesitant since I do not know if this is normal practice. I pretty much make the same hourly, just in the end I commute less, can go back to school and the benefits have always been better. But currently right now I felt that they lured me in then try and as my nephews would say snake you in the end if you’re not really paying attention to what you’re agreeing too. 

Don’t get me wrong. Perhaps a mistake on their end? In the past I’ve always assumed as long as you passed background and drug tests you’d get through and got the rate they offered. But have never been sure if they could randomly change the pay rate. It’s a difference of $2.50. Not much but actually enough to make a difference.
How likely is it to be fired during the probation period of 6 months, as an software engineer?
I’ve been already an intern and now I returned as full-time but I still have this probation. I’m working in Luxembourg, btw


Why does Amazon allow associates who have been red-flagged become Ambassadors?

Currently employed part time. I received an email a few days ago inviting me to be apart of the Amazon vine voice program. Basically, I get to choose from thousands of products free of charge in exchange for a review. I was really excited because I love leaving reviews, hence, why I was invited into the program. Last night , I read the fine print. It says “Amazon employees or Amazon affiliates are not eligible for participation.” If I wasn’t eligible, why invite me? They already had my personal info (ssn, dob)  when I accepted the invite. Will I get fired?
I work in Europe at L3 level almost for a year and never got a raise so far. Minimum wage in the country will have been incresed by 40% next January since I started to work. Would Amazon give us a raise in the new year to protect the difference between minimum wage?
Is anyone else as physically in pain in the morning as I am? I tracked my steps yesterday and I walked 17.5 miles at work. Ugh.
How soon after returning from a LOA can I take another LOA?


Im adding all the numbers up after working about 57 hrs and its not adding up to what i got today im missing about $400. 
Edit:Probably not $400 but I'm missing money and about 12 hrs on my timecard.
[Pay stub](https://imgur.com/a/sVgnLUj)
Been working at Amazon for 2 years currently level 3 and I started questioning my future in this company, I am trying to get a wider understand of how people feel working at Amazon.

Also if you can mention your level and years in amazon that would be appreciated
How long does it normally take for a pay card to get sent to your house? Am a new hire and HR told me they didn't have any cards. I put in a order for mines yesterday.

Me and my friend applied to amazon together, but my friend's application was rejected because he filled that he is still in graduation. Then, he tried 3-4 times with various emails and phone numbers. But he is getting a rejection email stating "we can not move ahead with your application since you're not a perfect fit for the role".
It has been 2 years and still after every assessment she is getting the same rejection mail. Can it be that she was blacklisted from recruitment? If so, how can somebody reverse it ?
I was putting in my resignation through a to z and a window popped up saying let's talk and see how we can make working for us better. I accepted the call and am now waiting for her to actually call me. Does this actually go anywhere or lead to any improvements or is it just one of those things they do so they can say that they're helping their employees?
I have a few tricks from working at amazon I want to share like how to get unlimited gloves and stuff from the vending machine, if interested please message me directly
We have been told that there will be a major machine/equipment upgrade in the warehouse as they are adding robotic automation for some of the steps (ie: Pick to Buffer). Has anyone already experienced this in their warehouse? If so, is there a shut down period (ie: few weeks or months) while this is implemented? How long is that shut down and what do employees do during that time (ie: stay home or work at a different location, etc)?

Thanks :)

&#x200B;
Bad reviews work great. We had a new manager booted to a lower position in a new dept after only 1 month AND we got another one moved to a new location.......also at a lower position. We're on a roll!
Hello, everyone need some help looking for apartments around the Crest Hill, New Lennox area will be transferring in August. Any recommendations?

Moving to Chicago, Berwyn area, in about 3-4 weeks. Where should I apply? Who has a great building/job?

Currently I’m at KCVG Air Hub in Cincinnati. 2 years. Currently a Tier 1 by choice. But I could be talked into higher.
https://youtu.be/LNE3N-hDASk
any guys work at Amazon? Den 8 specify? Straight, dl, curious, small D’s, big D? I’ll share mine!
any guys work at Amazon? Den 8 specify? Straight, dl, curious, small D’s, big D? I’ll share mine!$
Hey everyone I have been with amazon for 3+ years full time at a delivery station. I am looking to transfer to a part time location closer to home. A few questions I had trouble finding.. 

Do you keep your pay if you go from full-part time?
Vacation time, pto, UPT?
What are the schedules like for part time?
How many days a week? How many hours a day? 
Are the schedules consistent?
Most importantly do you get to keep health benefits? 
Thank you in advance! I have been looking all over online and couldn’t find anything.
Hello I am currently working as flex schedule part time, would I be able to also work as a delivery driver for a dsp
Company or no?
I’m a new delivery driver and my time of month is approaching. I hardly ever have a moment to do anything let alone go to the bathroom. My supervisors are all men and very “figure it out but don’t get behind or we will harass you abt it” I’m very stressed about what I’m gonna do. My . Is not at all light. What works for you guys?
So what is the AC like at your warehouse? Do you access to a small personal fan provided by Amazon? Do you have a small fan at your station? Do you feel that your warehouse has a proper working HVAC system, meaning do feel that the HVAC also has a humidifier? 

Have you or anyone you know at Amazon had "more than normal", for yourself or them, sinus or breathing issues? 

Have you experienced nose bleeds while at work? Have you suffered any heat related illness? Have you actually passed out do to the heat? Have you missed work or had to leave early due to a heat related illness? 

Have you presented medical documentation for an accommodation that was approved in the app and on site? Only to have it becomes null and void before the expectation date, by 3 days. Was the reasoning for this becoming null and void bc it was a safety hazard? Of course you have had the accommodation for over 5 weeks when they void it.
*Laid-off employees won’t report to work after Tuesday but are being paid for 60 days, a former Amazon employee said. Impacted staff can apply for other positions within Amazon or accept a severance payment.*

*The layoffs come as economic uncertainty drives Amazon to cut costs across its operations and to home in on a profitable model for its grocery businesses in particular — an industry the company continues to pursue despite its retreat from other brick-and-mortar retail businesses.*
hey i’m thinking about leaving a job for amazon and wanted to know if anyone knows if amazon tests for thc in CT. i trust reddit with answers more than google which is kinda sad (lol) but y’all be so helpful on here haha


We have carts to move our boxes from the conveyor to our stations and there’s a good group of ppl who use their carts to go up and down the line to grab multiple small boxes. If they were doing this to have a high rate, okay Ig but they are doing it just so they can MAINTAIN rate while they go off and talk to other people. I’m getting really annoyed and it’s hella inconsiderate. Anyone have any suggestions how I should go about this? I’m to the point of just going to safety and reporting it .
Anyone know the protocol for an active shooter at an amazon warehouse? I’ve wondered about this and our managers won’t let us know the protocol or anything. Kinda scary thought.
i started working part time at a returns center and didn’t know positions flex up/down, my scheduled end time is 12:30 but they say we have to stay until 1:30, I’ve been leaving at 12:30 everyday assuming they will take my upt but they never do and i thought it might apply later on but it’s been a few weeks of doing this, is that normal or is there something up w the system?
My cat got repossessed, had no way to get to work and my UPT got in red and was terminated back in late April/early May. Is it possible for me to get my job back with Amazon if I apply? I remember always hearing the only way they won't let you back after terminatiom is if you walk on the AR Floor.
I came into work today thinking I could make it through the day. But I believe I have food poisoning and I can’t make it through the day. I have very little unpaid time. So I did a leave of absence for today and tomorrow. Tomorrow I plan on going to my doctor and being seen and get a doctors note to submit for my absence today and tomorrow. But on my case it says absence status: approved- does that mean it’s already approved? Will it change on my schedule where upt doesn’t get deducted where I go negative? I really don’t want to loose my job because I’m sick.
BUF5 has the absolute WORST operations manager in all of Amazon History. Her name is Luz and she’s a straight bitch. Idk why you think you can talk to people with no respect Bc your wearing a red vest. She talks to everyone like shit, she harasses and bullies people, and she’s down right rude. They need to fire her.
when i return something to amazon, i sometimes forget to include the sheet that says what item i returned. sometimes i forget to include everything that came with my order and sometimes i don't have the original packaging anymore. but i never have any issues with returns.
i start to wonder if anyone even ever checks those returns? i mean, some of my returns are impossible to sell again. still i get my money back.
what do you actually do with returned items?

So my schedule says it’s regular 10 shift but at my stand up meeting today my manager said it was still MET. I asked if my shift still say leave at it regular time should I but she told me to stay just in case it updates and then it will just take UPO. My question is, if it doesn’t update by the time it’s time for me to go will that fall on me or Amazon ? I’m supposed to clock out at 4:30am.

I work for Amazon and decided I want to get my high school diploma and I need to choose a career path.what is a recommendation from someone who has done it or know enough about this
I accidentally submitted a request leave of absence instead of doing report absence due to illness for Sunday off which would use my UPT

Now my scheduled  shifts are not showing for Thursday- Monday 

Am I allowed to go work on Monday even though my shifts schedule doesn’t show on the app?

Thank you.
After a lack-luster Prime Day 55 hour work week, I'm finally taking a much-needed 'mental health' leave of absence. Time to relax.
Hi, just to let you know english isn´t my first language so there may be some grammar mistakes.   
I just wanted to ask some amazon or ex-amazon employees whats the process when you get a return of something plastic selaed like trading card boxes? You probably check if it´s still completly sealed, but if thats so, do you do any further invetsiagtions or steps to really check if it´s still completely sealed like check the weight or do you just accept the return? And what happens to amazon returns of sealeds products? Do they get sold as B-Grade products or are they going back into the real market?   
Im from germany so it would be best for a german employee to answer but i dont think the process varys in differnt countrys.   
Thank you in advance
I was wrongly terminated after reporting a work related injury and being put on light duty last week and wanted to know what the time frame looks like waiting on appeal forms

Everyone kept saying it was like a mini peak season. This shit is 10x worse than peak!
Im new and I just saw that they added 2 shifts to my schedule next week, for how long will they keep adding shifts?
I am trying to transfer money to my credit union from my fidelity account. I am supposed to move the money from my rollover IRA but it says this instead.
I used it when I originally got hired, but Zappos is giving me another discount code in my email (and it works at checkout). 

They sent out the code, should I use it?
Hi guys, i'm scheduled for an interview in the next 24hrs, i've gone the the STAR method,

ive done this interview prep as though im going for certification. this what it means for me to get this post. is there someone who's been through this and help with the types of questions i could be asked...
My boyfriend, who lives in the US, is wanting to move to where I live (Ontario, Canada), so this post is more geared to those who work here too (since you're the most likely to have the information we need). He currently works for Amazon as a Transportation Associate/Yard Specialist.

He’s wondering how much per hour he could expect to earn here with 3 years experience and his CDL. Additionally, what does that job entail for you; what are its responsibilities, what should he expect to need to do at work?

Thanks everyone!
Flex RT,(30hrs)
If I used PTO an hour ahead of my schedule shift start,
do I still incur points,if so how many?
What is the least amount of time you can submit  PTO before the start of a shift,because I work tomorrow and want to be prepared for the possibility of  "coaching."😩
Thx
Want some in-site what’s done during this shift.

I’ve applied for a role that I’m interested back in late May but haven’t heard or seen any updates since then.

Job posting is still there and status is showing as Application Submitted.

Does anyone know how long they usually take their sweet time?

I applied for Program Manager (Non-Technical) role.

Thanks.
Hey I have been with Amazon for 2.5 years, great worker all around, just became a PA 4 weeks ago. The thing is I am on dialysis, and they put me in arguably the busiest place in Amazon ship dock. I am over palletize, and fluid load. The problem is because the shift is always short, I am finding myself have to do more physical work, than my body can keep up with. Don't get me wrong, I don't want to be lazy, I like helping out my team, but I question the wisdom of putting me in the busiest place in Amazon, when I have a history on file of medical problems. I might have to get an accomodations again, but that was so I could be out 4 hours every shift. I would rather go transfer to a part of the building were I'm working, but not tearing down my body, wondering if I'm going to survive the day. I am wondering how Amazon handles this stuff, would they approve a transfer, I told them during the interview too, that I had things going on. Again I am a dedicated worker, I don't mind hard work, but there is a difference between hard work, and putting yourself in the hospital, what do I do, I don't want to look like I'm not up to lead the way, but maby this was a bit much.
So I work night shift and it seems like they always push one of our breaks back and I want to know why, any idea why this is happening??

I am sick as hell and want to call off but I'm not sure if I can lose my job over that or not. I have 7 hours and 45 minutes of UPT and 50 minutes of PTO if that matters.
I worked at amazon years ago, so don't remember the process
My first day is Friday and unfortunately I lost my wallet with my ID a couple days ago. I just got an email saying I have to bring my ID but since I lost it I was thinking about just bringing my birth certificate and my social. Do you guys think they’ll be cool with it until my new one comes in?
I have an interview for a Interim PA position for BHD on Thursday. I have revised my stories and notes as much as I can as I really only had the past 4 days to study as it came as a surprise. Does anyone have any tips or advice? Been with Amazon for 2 years and this is my first interview pretty much ever. Thanks


**Robot building companies** https://www.stord.com/blog/7-companies-to-watch-in-warehouse-robotics

RME & CME (Tier 2/3/4) **Technician** jobs https://www.amazon.jobs/en/landing_pages/reliability-maintenance-engineering-na

**Robotics Team** jobs https://www.amazon.jobs/en/teams/amazon-robotics

I think something changed on the A to Z website, and now I don't know how to use my UPT.  I know I was previously told that I could use it for anything and didn't even need a reason even though there was a place to enter a reason.

On the Monday before last, I took it for an appointment, and had no trouble claiming/requesting the time the day before my appointment.  On the following Thursday (one of my days off) I was camping and got on the site to take Friday off, and couldn't find a way to take UPT without choosing a reason from a menu that didn't include anything applicable.

Am I doing something wrong, or has it changed?  I have 73 UPT hours and only 5 PTO hours since I ended up using four for that Friday and coming home several days early.  I want to save my PTO for when I want off but need money.

Why am I only basically only getting paid 8.50???
I am L2 associate working in competitor monitoring team, pricing operations. I am also pursuing MBA, and I will finish it by March, is there a way that I can get transferred internally to L4 level? In finance domain?
Does anyone have a link or phone number or paperwork you can look at to see what the final OPP cost of Cobra is for an Amazon employee (single). Current Amazon insurance is through Premera Blue Cross in Connecticut. HR has not been helpful. Thanks!
Hello,

I recently got a job offer for a position in Bellevue. They offer I received isn’t too bad however I think it could use some improvement for me to live comfortably in Bellevue. Does anyone have any negotiation tips ?

**KEY POINTS**

▪️The U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP)  has launched an investigation into Amazon’s workplace safety practices.

▪️Sen. Bernie Sanders, who chairs the HELP committee, wrote a letter to CEO Andy Jassy on Tuesday.

▪️Sanders criticized Amazon’s high turnover and injury rates, as well as its medical treatment of injured workers

▪️Amazon spokesman says company disagree and has invited the Senator to visit its warehouse 

▪️[Video 23:18](https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/15/osha-cites-amazon-for-unsafe-warehouses-as-injury-numbers-remain-high.html) "Why OSHA is investigating Amazon for failing to keep worker's safe?"
I recently received a message about being eligible for my Blue Badge because I am seasonal. When I looked at the two new documents that I needed to sign, my employment said Part Time. I dont know if this means anything at all and I work TWI so HR is NEVER there to answer my questions. 

https://preview.redd.it/lbulokvyxn7b1.png?width=876&format=png&auto=webp&s=8e3dc06c6a470cfb892f93e21bcdd902dd6336b1
Hello. At some point on reddit, I observed a video posted by an amazon employee showing them looking into an "expanding circle" and possibly either repeating or reading words. Can anyone attest to this? This is an extremely powerful and not talked about and undocumented type of brainwashing. I'd love to get a hold of that video, or confirmation or stories from other employees. Thanks!
I’ll be upset if they don’t get promoted to customers for all the safety violations
I think we could do better with recycling. Shrink wrap, the metal piece that holds the bags on the Pack work stations, ... I don't even think the cans/bottles specifically placed in the blue recycling bins are recycled.   


Do you all think we could do better, or it is what it is?
Warehouse worker says working Prime Day is "crazy."  Amazon warehouse employee tells his Prime Day experience. *When I'm tired and in pain from standing all day on Prime Day, I remind myself the money's good.*

*There are more people working than normal because there's mandatory and voluntary overtime. Mandatory overtime is 10 hours — equivalent to one shift — and voluntary is another six hours. I'm on a reduced time schedule, so I usually work 36 hours per week, but with mandatory and voluntary overtime, I'll work a maximum of 52 hours for the week.*

*The best part of working during this period is seeing what everyone is buying ... Many people are buying clothes and toys, too. So people are starting their Christmas shopping as early as possible.*

*You have **more pressure** because Prime Day orders are usually "reactive" — or time sensitive — orders.*

https://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-warehouse-employee-working-prime-day-2022-10
I was told that if I have my child prior to my one year tenure I would be getting FMLA, but can split my time up so that once I reached my year tenure I could use paternal leave and it would be paid for that. Is this true?
They took away my a to z before my resignation do I still go in or did I lose everything


Amazon **reinstates employee and union organizer after firing** her. She appealed. Amazon reversed its decision after determining that although Ms. Bates had not submitted requested information upon returning to work following an injury, the company could have been clearer about the information it asked for. It didn't hurt that she filed a NLRB complaint.

Having an appointment tomorrow and it’s required a swab test or urine not sure but do they test for thc ?
Anyone know if you have to bring documentation for using a bereavement? Or can you just submit it.


What do i do. Am i fucked? how often do they do this teaching day for new employees? I called them and informed about the situation, and they told me they will call me later. They didn't call yet or anything. I really really need this job asap. i'm financially very close to not afford to even travel to that job.



I live in Pa and am MMJ patient.   Can I still deliver for Amazon?
Who else is sitting at work right now scrolling through Reddit because the AWS servers are down and you can't work?
Probably a dumb question but how do I get to cdl course through the a to z app?
Im a biology major at Temple University and I already got all my tuition covered, but since there are still stuff to get like books and such, do you think amazon will help me after the first 90 days? Im a flex worker
Hi All,

Without going too much into "my situation" as many of us at Amazon do have health issues, I wanted to know if a doctor's note would be helpful for my HR file?

I do try to make my best effort at work/make my shifts/all that jazz. Amazon is one of the few places I feel comfortable to work as I regain my confidence, or gain my confidence without dealing with the public.

However, I do get the ups and downs of chronic fatigue, chronic pain, sometimes an unnecessary panic/anxiety attack at work. (Insert more here.)

I'm programmed to be hypervigilant & care too much. The usual things people take for granted (like doing errands or making appts) can be a challenge for me. Irrational, I know.

Is there a way, or would it be good to have a doctor's note with HR? That way the pressure is taken off me in case I have a bad day/need a break.

Again, I know many Amazon peeps have huge struggles. Mental, Emotional, Physical. It's not wanting to be treated like a special snowflake, but that "backup" if need be before I need it.

Thoughts on this would be great. Thank you & here's to your health & happiness.
My sister was injured at an Amazon warehouse in Nevada. Her claim was denied but she is starting the appeals process. She is hurt pretty bad and still needs medical treatment such as physical therapy, pain management and possibly surgery. We know this can drag for months or years. How should she navigate medical treatment? Does she have to continue seeing a Occupational/Approved doctor or can she seek personal care? Any tips on how to deal with Amazon being shady?
Starting work in a couple of days and trying to buy shoes on Zappos.  Keeps asking for login ID but I can't find were it is.

Where do I find it

If you are not a white “Christian” male, you are not safe at Amazon

I applied for both a PA and a SC (Ship Clerk) position and I was denied the PA position. The position is still up on the job board. On the other hand, the SC position has been removed from the board but it stills shows i’m under consideration. Is there a good chance I might end up with an Interview?
Hi, I hope you can help. I completed my new hire appointment last week & have a tentative start date of Monday 12th June. When did you receive confirmation of your first day & Mydocs email before your first day?

My spouse was given the option of pivot or severance and opted for the severance pay. The decision was finalized with the third party on April 29th. HR didn't send the contract until May 4th and it was signed that day. My spouse was told it would be up to 20 business days before payment would come through. 20 business days would have been last Friday, June 2nd and we still haven't received it. My spouse has been trying to reach HR to see what's up but has been unable to get through. So my spouse called the site manager and was told Amazon HR is not allowed to talk after the contact is signed. Has anyone else had this problem? We're kinda at a lose on what do do from here and we really need that money.

What kind of accommodations do amazon offer to pregnant associates
I’m paid at 16.60 /hr with the differential being the .60 cents then one 10hr at +5.00 on top of pay (surge shift) how much total did I make with the holiday pay and overtime? Thanks 😊
I’ve been looking for the last two months something warehouse wise, and nothing. Like, nothing. Amazon used to have job offers all the time and now it’s “dry”. I was looking for a side hustle :(
Hello. So my UPT is negative 10 minutes, and I know this may sound silly but I'm really worried I'm going to lose my job over it. This is the second time it's happened, thats why I'm so scared. Tell me if I'm overreacting or if im done with the job lol.
So I put in an internal application to go to the aviation security position in my airhub. My question is when I put the application in, I checked it and the wording was blue and you could.click on it like it was a link. Now it's black and you can't click on it and my app says under consideration. Does that mean they are going through the applications and they closed the link while they sort through for interviews?
Hey, I’m starting work at an Amazon warehouse next week, any tips for newbies? I know the first day will be mostly training, anything I should bring?
Hi, so I’m a recent finance grad and I’m moving to Seattle in August to start the Amazon Business Unit Finance Rotation Program. Since it doesn’t start till August, I have a bunch of time on my hands and want to start preparing for it.
To the people who are/have been in this program or are financial analysts: 
How can I prepare for this program in advance?
Do you have any advice/tips for me? 

Any help would be appreciated-thanks!
You wish you where us lmfao

I’m in sales as an individual contributor, hired in at L6. Approaching 2 years soon and looking around at jobs in other interesting areas. What I notice is there are not many L6 sales roles posted. 

Would it be a faux pas to apply to an L5? Would I maintain my L6 level and salary? Or would I have to take a pay cut or be disqualified?

Thanks!

[T3 Alerts](https://amazonrecruits.my.site.com/atoz/s/)

[Amazon Role Matching](https://associate.careers.amazon.dev/career-options/role-matching/quiz)

[Expand Amazon Career](https://associate.careers.amazon.dev/home)

Walked up to someone I thought I was work friends with to tell them a good joke I got from here, and they pretty much accused me of being a racist. For context, every previous conversation I had with him was friendly and jovial. I am a middle aged white mail and he is an Asian American. Should I go to H.R. or just leave it and him be? Unless he starts spreading rumors of course.


On Amazon MyDoc there was this paper with everything illustrated about my employment (Amazon Logo, pay rate, etc) that I couldn’t download to make a copy. I thought I could find it afterwards but can’t. Is it gone forever? (It looks like a invoice, I think?)
I recently took a COVID leave and my case is still pending even though I submitted the Quest diagnostic positive test they sent. amazon is asking me for doctors signature and when I can come back to work when I only took 3 days off work.. what can i do?
I was informed management got a raise ,but only 5% not much considering the cost of eggs and gas. And regular employees won't get raises until September. I might be able to buy 1 egg. Better then nothing, but I think I'm worth more.



So what does Vendor Receive and Inbound stow entail? Which one would you pick if you had a choice?
Well people, after wasting about 2 years and 8 months at amazon, I am finally leaving and doing better in life. I got a new job, 40 hours in 4 days with Monday Tuesday, Thursday and Friday (with overtime available at all times). Pay is more than I was making at amazon, and the onboarding went smooth as ice. If you're reading this I just want to tell you DONT GIVE UP. It took me this long to get a position, took luck a d gld to give me this chance and I took it. Your time will come, but you gotta keep searching. Peace, and keep strong people. God bless.
Looking to improve labor management at our site. How do you find your labor assignment at your site? Managers, how do you assign labor or tasks? How do you keep track and updated if labor is consistently being shifted in and out of different departments?

I recently joined the tom team but discovered that tom team cannot take VET for other departments.  Does anyone know if there is a specific policy for this, as I leafed through the policies I got when joining transportation and cannot find anything explaining this as a rule.  I reached out to HR and safety and got nowhere as well.
Is there a way to contact HR as a former employee?

Which should she choose for hearing interview? There are more details about her situation by going to the link.

Thank you.
I work at RNO4 and last night I went to use the restroom and saw this horrific scene. This man must of been worried about time off task or something and couldn’t hold it in any longer.
Credit Unions with perks for Amazon Employees? Anyone with Fist Tech or Hope?
Who and were do impact gloves get used. State,building, and department
Hello , My name is  and I am one the Military Leader and USERRA expert for Amazon. Due to some inconsistencies with your documents we will not be processing any further MDP until your LESs and orders are validated. An Amazon investigator will reach out to you to set up a meeting. I will be in the meeting to ask questions about your docs. We are also verifying information from the Department of the Army Reserve Command and the Defense Finance Accounting Service. A future outreach may be conducted to get an understanding of your perspective in reference to the documents you sent. Also, please be advised that the findings could result in an overpayment but it is too early to conclude. Please feel free to contact me at bol if you have any questions. 

AMAZON CAN ACCESS MILITARY RECORDS DIRECTLY? AND SHOULD I BE WORRIED?

Hi Group! I wanted to check if anyone has info about how to get employment verification letters from Amazon for GC application. Please share if there is an email/ contact number . Thanks

I need to go in for my physical i an a 6pm to 4:30 am dock worker currently transferring to Tom later this month I have conflicting emails and need a answer asap please an ty. So I did the background questions and submitted that application last wensday I was unable to get an appointment until Thursday of this week with the dot physical doctor so on to the conflicting emails. 

1 email says in an attachment photo thing that I got 4 business days to get that physical done. 

1 says I have till the 18th to complete everything or I'll be considered canceled..

If I do a walk in this morning I risk not getting sleep for tonight's shift but I don't want to lose the opportunity because I thought wrong.
Hello ! I am currently out of state and will miss my shift at work tonight. I am low in UPT . What can I do to help my situation to not get fired since I cannot show up for my shift ?
I don’t know what to do. I was approved for STD and LTD in October of 2021 during disability accommodation process. After lots of delays and issues, I was terminated twice in the same week in July of 2022. I never received anything. Was told to apply through State first did. Turned 3rd set of paperwork on the 8th. Was told 4 business days to adjust. Call on that day to find out nothing was done. 8 calls later someone says there was a technical error and to wait 3 more business days. It’s already been since October 2021. I had to sell home. I emailed Jeff, congress person, senator, and such nothing. It’s been like a year and half.
Hi! Not an AMZ employee, but my husband is. He is starting his new job soon and heard about affinity groups. Are affinity groups helpful with career development? What types of events do they host for career opportunities, or do they offer mentorship? Can he just ask HR to put him in touch with a group or how will he be able to get in touch with them?

[American Workers' Satisfaction Survey (Dec 2022)](https://www.wsj.com/articles/workers-job-satisfaction-survey-c42addba?st=zx92xmmivpdgerv&reflink=desktopwebshare_permalink)
I had posted this in other groups, but i think I've found the relevant one now. 

Just want to check if it is a common thing at Amazon :

Being bullied by reportees, and my management supports them

I'm being pulled down, bullied and disrespected by my reportees(they have been in the team since forever) and I have repeatedly reported the same to management, but they do nothing.. Instead support them and create bias. 
I am taking more leaves than ever because i cannot be at work, I am made to feel useless and cornered. I am on purpose being left out from important decisions by my team and management supports it by not taking any action or establishing basic discipline.

Rest post, find here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/askmanagers/comments/12qdrbm/being_bullied_by_reportees_and_my_management/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=3&utm_content=share_button
UPDATE...  After waiting 16 days I get e-mail at 5:00 this AM basically telling me that I didn't get the job for a simple Warehouse Associate (the lowest possible part time position you can get). They vaguely made reference to the background check which has only simple possession charges. They did wish me good luck on my job search... How sweet!
They say they hire felons but if you have a record and are applying: make sure you don't put all your eggs in the Bezos basket

So I’ve been at Amazon for a year before being fired and now I’m trying to re apply. Just wanted to know would that year of me being there still count or am I starting over. Also would I be able to get paid maternity leave
Hello Friends! 

I have just been notified that I passed my interview for L4 AM thru Campus Next. I was told it can be up to 4 weeks before I receive an offer letter. Does anyone know how Campus Next compensation differs from industry hire? There’s plenty of information out there about what is offered to external university hires, but I can’t find much information about what is offered to campus next hires (aside from a single post on pay equity slack). Are there any recent Campus Next hires that are willing to share compensation details? Thanks in advance!
What parking garage do you guys recommend most if I am trying to get to I5 South at the end of each day
It's gonna happen one day, but I wonder what that'll mean for the thousands of workers
So I’m thinking of going in a digital nomad thing. Basically working across different countries where I work less than 30 days so no need to pay them taxes, and I do have a physical address in CA. My manager is concerned about amazons policy of working outside of the US for 90days. Does anyone know if they can figure out what country I’m in etc?
Have give through all the steps and did the drug test and ID forms 13 days ago. Still says background check is pending. Is this normal? Picked this job out of desperation b/c I do have a couple simple poss felonies but I thought they were ok with that from all I've read. Anyone had similar experience?



My husband (isnt on reddit) is looking at this position, does anyone know what it entails? We are in texas so im wondering if he would be outdoors most of the time. Any details on this position are very much appreciated!
Been working for 6 months 2 weeks as a seasonal thinking my white badge would be converted into a blue one after 60 days. Recently saw on one of the fc’s screen that seasonal is 11 months walking into the building to work recently. What is going on? Are they going to decide after 11 months? Any advice I could use going forward into getting my blue badge?
this was right in the peak of Covid, the guy refused to wear a mask. when asked to wear one, he went to his car, grabbed a mask, and then drove into the building 😂 DEN3


1. I am not, nor did I ask to be, on a Leave of Absence
2. I am scheduled to work last week as well as next week.
3. I am NOT scheduled to work this week. 

Would I be fired if I took the week off? I mean technically my schedule is missing for this week so would i get in trouble?
Last week I used my vto for 3 different shifts. When I check my attendance it says I have 2 points for those 3 days. I was told to talk to the site hr and he’s never there or available. Now I can’t drop a shift due to an emergency and I fear that I may be terminated. Is there any advice or help for this.
Hello. I recently resigned from Amazon due to an unexpected family emergency. Prior to this, I was a student of an online university and received tuition payment assistance from Amazon. I submitted a request for tuition assistance for this month (May, 2023), but I had to resign because of said crisis. Is there any steps I'd have to take to cancel the request? Will the school reimburse the funds to Amazon or will I have to?

Been watching that pot boil all day and barely halfway done!
What's the process when they tell you that you have two weeks to improve your performance? Why two weeks. Is that mandatory? I mean the two weeks.
?
I am currently an L4, this was my first position at Amazon. I am considering options to move to another space and I wanted to know if anyone has done this and how it affects your pay? My position is hourly not salary. If I applied for a position that was L4 salaried how would that affect my compensation? Some of the job postings have an hourly salary range and others have an annual range. Do I get more or less RSUs from a lateral move? 
Any insight would be greatly appreciated!
Hi, I am working in Amazon India, I applied holiday for friday i.e 28.04 which was approved and there was a mandat off on 01.05.2022 for Labor Day. Now, management has decided to cancel our mandatory off, is it legally possible for the company to cancel the mandatory off and not even compensate with additional money?
I recently got a job offer for on site in Medical representative at Amazon. I’m not sure really what they do on a daily basis any info?

If your a 6 month seasonal fc employee is it possible to be a learning ambassador/trainer?


So I recently got my insurance license and thats why I started with Amazon. A lighter schedule with options to pick up time when it suits me is wonderful. I was told that people were picking up 30+ extra hours when they wanted. So I picked a 4 day, 16 hour part time position working nights. Ive gotten 30 hours on average while training to be a life insurance agent during the day. Life insurance is fully commissioned and im brand new so no money comes from there.

Today im told that next week is the final time people can pick up multiple shifts because they've hired enough people for coverage. Now we are capped at 20 hours a week! I feel like ive been had.
So I have a question for the remote employees for Amazon. I applied for the Pharmacy Virtual Customer Care job and I’m just curious what my average everyday work experience would be like if I were to take this position.
Wanted to apply there
So who is responsible for scheduling MET at each location? Is it corporate or OM's?
Was looking thru Amazon's seasonal shifts (for a warehouse/sortation employee) and I'm a little confused! I reached out to support but the agent wasn't too sure himself and said that I would find out more details at my new hire appointment. I don’t want to apply for a job that I can’t commit to, due to scheduling. Under shift selection I see a shift that reads, 

"Shift: Sun 2:00 PM - 6:00 PM Sun, Mon, Fri 7:30 PM - 11:30 PM
 Hours: 16 hours/week”

So my question is , there’s two different time frames easy enough to understand but Sunday is listed twice. Does that mean Sunday is a double shift, meaning I’d work 2pm to 6 PM then work another shift 7:30pm to 11:30pm? Or does it alternate? Sorry for my ignorance, i've been a SAHM/Homemaker for 18 years and entering the workforce is finally an option for me!
I used my cash app for direct deposit but haven't received it yet and it's nearing 6:00. I'm trying to see what is the latest one of you have gotten your direct deposit through Amazon using cash app?
So......when I went to bed last night, I was not scheduled for today. When I woke up at 8 am, I sent a text to a friend at work who told me that everyone in my dept was MET'd today. I checked and, sure enough, my schedule had changed.....to which I replied, "I received no prior notice," at any time, and that I wasn't going to go in. My friend told me that it was a mistake and that they were VTO-ing everyone who had gone in. $5 says that they deduct UPT from my schedule and I get written up for not showing up. BTW, this has been happening a LOT at our facility.
So, I'm curious what you guys make of this situation.

This past week, we:

1. Had a standup meeting discussing "an email that was sent out regarding a shift change". 

This would be the second one so far.

First we collapsed the day shift 930-130
Now we're collapsing the new shift from 2-6

Now everyone on the 2-6pm and 730-1130 shift is moving to 830-5pm

2. Most of the people working at my site each met with the head of HR and another manager to discuss the shift change. Supposedly, there was a list of people, but nobody can tell me what qualifies me to be on that list. It seems like it's basically everyone at the site, but I can't be sure.

The head of HR said that I could either accept the shift change or that I should "take a leave of absence".

So, a couple questions. 

1. Do you think they're planning on laying people off at my site?

2. Did they email my "work email" to fill the required time to notify our site of a layoff? Because they're required to announce it 30 days prior
Is it possible/likely that an employee whose been with the company for 3 yrs can get thier job after appealing for getting terminated for having 1 incident of time theft?
I applied for a job and I got it but I got extremely sick the first day. I wasn’t able to make it, I contacted Amazon and they told me basically, “Your going to have to reapply, if the facility is hiring.” 

  I see other faculty near by that are hiring on the site,(hiring.amazon) but they come and go. I’ve never seen the facility I’ve applied for, hiring. So is it a waiting game at this point?

  A friend of mine who worked at amazon said, they’re always hiring new people.(people come and go) Which I see on the site but seems the facility I want to work at isn’t hiring.
I spent almost a decade at Wally World but it eventually became too much and it all boiled down to pay and management. The co-workers, actual work, and even some customers were great. The benefits were fantastic. But the pay and the horrid management did me in, so.......

I came to Amazon. Im almost done with my first month and so far so good. The actual work is definitely more but so is the pay. I cant speak for the managers yet and I dont have time to get to know co-workers, everything is so fast paced. I work part time and just pick up extra shifts so I like that freedom but the lack of benefits is the biggest let down so far. 

Im curious to hear from everyone else.

I left Amazon and I have the bunch of Yubico keys from Amazon, can I use them for personal use instead of throwing it away?

 I'm PT-Flex. I'm use to working 5 - 5 hour shifts. Lately I struggle to get 2 - 5 hour shifts. I logged onto AtoZ at 6:14pm tonight to grab a shift, but didn't see any. My phone text had notified me about at 6pm that 8 shifts would post at 6:15pm. Hit refresh at 6:16pm & refresh again. No shifts showing available for me. Went out to Thurs 04/27 & saw I had been capped at 10 hours & that is why I can not add a shift. What is the point in my gaining GOLD if it's good for nothing? It's suppose to give me access to shifts farther out into the future but doesn't. I feel played for a fool.
I am fairly new to Amazon and I was hoping I can get someone to shed some light on this. To be clear, I am not the employee suspended at the moment. I am an L4 working for corporate from home. My current Manager was suddenly suspended pending an investigation.
When I reached out to them personally, they shared that HR has not been in contact with them and they only heard from the Ops Manager stating "you're suspended pending investigation".
The thing is, this GM is great at what they do and deserves a promotion if you ask me. 
They're well liked by many amongst the team and have been the company for quite a while. 
There's all sorts of rumors about what's happening and no one seems to know the facts, including the person that was suspended. 
When the GM reached out to HR on the phone, they were told the investigator would be in contact. That was almost 3 Weeks ago and still nothing. 
I have read previous posts on here with a similar story but mostly from FC employees. 
As someone that would consider moving up the chain myself I find it a bit unsettling how this is all playing out. 
I am curious to know if this is the norm?
Anyone know the hourly pay for an Onsite Medical Rep?
I've never had this issue before. 

I have a Google pixel as of recently when I go to take a screenshot in the AtoZ app the shot comes out black. 
I know it does this for privacy reasons with some other apps specifically bank apps but, I have no clue why all of a sudden it is doing it with my AtoZ app. 

Anyone else having this issue on Android? Do you know how to fix it?
I just got an email saying my appeal was denied, but checking the order status says my appeal or refund was granted, I also contacted customer service and they checked the email saying it was denied

What Should I expect?
How hard is it to get a job as a delivery driver and do they time you when you deliver packages?
What was the longest everyone went until they were converted to blue badge?
So, this is my first time using career choice with Amazon. I am curious about something, they gave us 5,252 to use yearly but, after 2 terms (my online college doesn't do semesters they do terms and, I prefer them over semesters). Anyway, today I noticed that I'm 2 terms in, I've taken 4 classes so far, I've got two more coming up but, I noticed that my remaining balance is 1.7k. 
I've still got like 5 more classes to go to get my associates. Will I have to wait till the year of 2024 to start and finish or how does that work? Apparently I've spent 3k already since my first term in January.
I've worked at a DS before some years ago, now I'm at a fC , been here for a month and some change.  I'm trying to transfer to a DS in my city , which is closer to work.  , Do they allow transfer from FC to DS ? Or just FC to FC ...DS to DS?
Im considering applying for a delivery station that’s about 40 minutes from me but shift starts at 3:20 am. I’d have to leave to go to work at 2:30am. I’d really like a later shift but there isn’t any openings… How difficult is it to change shifts later and how soon can you switch?

SOo... say you were new to Amazon, slowly working your way up to being the bestest reciever that no one ever was? 

Bam! You get hit with a write-up? 

Out of curiosity, what are the next policy steps for them to take before TERMINATION ?
I'm a student at the University of Arizona researching the experience of Amazon employees for a group project in my Business Management class. I would really appreciate the participation of any current or past employees! All responses are anonymous and our data will not be published. Thank you!

[https://forms.gle/CuF1GWtyFb8WSnmG8](https://forms.gle/CuF1GWtyFb8WSnmG8)

Top side of hand got a laceration to tendents 17 stitches. Safety issues, pulling cart and hit steal beam not covered or blocked and ripped through glove. Questions, when I get well will they forget and say get back to work. Compensate for injuries. Sue get $5,000 and get fired or quit.
[https://uarizona.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_9GGdQlvB1SHoynY](https://uarizona.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9GGdQlvB1SHoynY)

Anonymous survey to research commitment and feedback at Amazon according to employees please fill out as I need this for a project.
Has anyone else been through the appeals process for termination? I have just appealed my termination for UPT Violation. I applied for a LOA for a family member who needed my assistance after a major surgery. She has 3 young kids and would be in hospital for several days and then required aftercare. I was initially approved and then once I had logged all my hours during the 30 day period I was then told my application for leave was denied leaving me with -80 hours of UPT. Of course the termination process immediately started. Does anybody have any thoughts, suggestions or comments?
Any L4+ How was your Personal Compensation Statements (PCS) this year? I should be getting mine soon and really don't have high hopes
Thought about this the other morning. What if those belts used during training (the ones with the green light that track your errors) are for our replacement in the future? Especially with the whole “robots taking over” dilemma.

I quit my job at Amazon after working their for 9 months. A week after I quit, I got a letter telling me that I need to pay back a portion of the signing bonus and relocation I received when I started. Has anyone experienced this before? Were you able to have this waived or negotiated the payback amount down?


Had an interview for an Amazon area manager intern position. 5 days after the interview I got an email from a recruiter saying I was inclined for the position. What are my chances of getting this internship? And possibly how long does it usually take to get off this waitlist?
I tried and tried to get my productivity up ever since my new manager started there will she always was there but she was a stow manager but she was put on icqa which is count and mind you I had other managers before her and never had an issue with any of them she was hard on all employees the first day . I’ve been there for almost 3 years but I was terminated and finally given a chance to appeal the case I told them when they pulled me in the main office I held in needing to go to the restroom to pick up productivity I cut my breaks short so I can pick up my productivity I work 12 hours and get 2 30 minute breaks and 1 15 minute break and my breaks were 10:00pm, 2:00am and 5:00am but it was pod gaps that made all the time gaps and decreased my productivity I told them many times it was going slow can I be moved but nothing was done to help me I told her what will I tell my wife I have 2 kids you can’t do this to me please don’t do this and my manger she looked at me no expression no emotion and said to me well not every one is cut out for amazon do you know most people at Amazon where I work get there positions because of looks or because they know each other I’ve had friends who work there tell me that’s how they got there positions they knew someone or they’ve dated them while the rest of us who break our backs get pushed around by people who don’t even know what it is to do in there role as manager for stow or pick or icqa I’m so done with Amazon but I need the benefits i need the pay to keep my family afloat I just don’t know what to do
Does anyone have positive experience appealing a rehire date? 

I was formerly a T3 that got termed for negative UPT while on LOA. I’ve been trying to appeal it for the past 3 weeks but my local HR will not assist me or respond and due to being terminated I am not allowed physically on site. 

There is a newly launching building not too far from me that has an open T3 position I am interested in but in the system it says I am ineligible for rehire for 90 days after my term date. Is there anything I can do to appeal this around local HR? I loved my job- I just don’t understand how they messed up my LOA and refused to fix this. 

Thanks! 😄

I’m about to take my pre employment urinalysis this afternoon and I live in a house with 2 heavy marijuana users…I’m afraid just being in the room while they smoke will cause me to test positive….can you tell I’m nervous? 

What should I do?

I was in pack and didn't have a issue with my rate till January I was presented February 28th with a write up from January and that It was presented to me never was the am lied about it anyway a different area manager presented them to me. I have asked to be moved to tape and nothing everyday I was constantly told about rate I got a 3rd write up on March 18th. I'm appealing my 3rd write up Tommrow I have a phone call. I'm finally after begging was moved to inbound and hr Says it cannot see anymore pending writes up I'm terrified to go into work thinking it could be my last please help
So I put a resignation for yesterday and everything went through. I got my resignation letter and I was able to apply for a different location immediately. For some reason I still have access to A to Z, there’s some stuff that I can’t view like UPT & I don’t have that bell icon anymore either anyways I’m still able to see my schedule and since I didn’t go in today since yesterday was suppose to be my last day, it shows red for today. Do y’all think i would be delayed from moving forward with my new location that I applied for. Or should I reach out to HR and have them remove that day for me so it won’t be used against me. I have my new hire appointment tomorrow and it would suck if they turn me away.
Has anyone (else) developed feet, knee or hip problems from being forced to wear work shoes. Asking for a friend.

I worked for smf1 before in pick/pack/sort/outbound ..wanted to know if smf6 had similar roles.
So I've been working at Amazon for 3 months now at a CA location, and my experience has been very pleasant. I am in my late 20's and have only worked corporate jobs before, sitting behind a desk, boring meetings every other day, useless emails needing responses, I was DONE. So I quit and have decided to do the cliche "finding myself" thing. I saved money prior to quitting, sold my car and picked up an older but reliable one and put the difference away as an extra financial cushion but I didn't want to stop work completely so I just decided to apply to Amazon and work part-time. 

I have to say, I have never had an easier job. I go in, I get labor tracked, I do my job and go home. It's gotten to the point that I actually like my job, I enjoy my time there, I am in Mech Lite so I get to basically work out and be active. Having had a very sedimentary job since graduating high school and now getting to be active has been very refreshing.

I did not think I would enjoy the job based on everything you hear about Amazon,  but honestly the only thing I dislike about working there is picking up other peoples slack. It's alway the people who do the least amount of work that are the ones complaining. The managers and the PA's have never once came to me for disciplinary reasons, and have always thanked me for my work. I am not the only one I hear them thanking either, I hear it multiple times a day to others, just thanking them for being there or for their work.

As of two weeks ago my area manager and PA's have asked me to PG for them. I took up their offer and I am actually thinking of going full-time and working at Amazon for much longer than I expected.  

To those that have read this all, thanks. I just wanted to share my experience, because 99% of what I heard was negative and my personal experience has been anything but, and I feel it's important to share that with anyone coming in to Amazon and was nervous or scared. 

Go in, actually do what you're getting paid to do, go home.
I work in one of the sorter centers and I'm trained in other areas but I keep getting assigned to Non-Con container builder. (3 weeks now) I go to the manager/s each day and complain about the system not rotating me and its getting frustrating. I'm wondering if this is only happing at my site or are there others?

Hello,

I am a university student and I am trying to collect data from AWS employees for my management class. Please answer the following questions to the best of your ability and accuracy. All responses will be kept anonymous, and are meant to aid in a case study of the management strategy of Amazon Web Services for academic purposes.  

Here is the link to the survey:

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSezOixud2Anc824KsWW2jyaq5gdw5g1vEvC6ZxFInXsdrAVqA/viewform?usp=share\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSezOixud2Anc824KsWW2jyaq5gdw5g1vEvC6ZxFInXsdrAVqA/viewform?usp=share_link)

Thank you!
Hi y’all. I was an at home Amazon VCS associate a few years back. I’m trying to remember two things, the name of the chart/list that had a customers returns to purchase ratio and the name of the team that handled those customers who got flagged for their ratio being too high.

I'm super disappointed with the decision to go back to an office just so that I can chime my colleagues. It's gonna be costly, waste time commuting and in general less comfortable for me as an introvert. I loved working from home because I've been getting shit done without any disturbances.
I'm thinking I might need to start looking for another job although I love my work.

For some context, I have worked at Amazon for around 6 months. I had put in a quitting notice, and canceled as moving plans had been moved back (probably indefinitely since my partner and I broke up, but that's not important). Ever since then, I have been getting productivity write ups. I have NEVER gotten them before, my first one was in February, and I got my third on the 17th of March. I haven't changed anything as to how I'd been stowing, so why is it suddenly a problem? I haven't gotten an Email about getting the write up appealed either. I don't know what to do and I'm honestly really scared of losing this job. It's not like I'm terribly off in reaching that productivity level. I just don't know what to do. I don't know if anyone can help, I just needed to get this off my chest. If there's any advice, I'll gladly take it. Thank you for reading, if anyone did.
My (neurodivergent) son worked at an Amazon & was "fired" because he didn't get enough shifts. Not the point, but he needs proof of loss of income but since his badge doesn't work he can't even get into the building to talk to HR. Any suggestions?

Is this allowed? Or is it against policy, I've heard it both ways from two different managers... so now I ask you


My long time cohabitating girlfriend is getting layed off next week so I'm going to sign up for Amazon's health insurance (Opted out before as I have Medicare).

Since I couldn't get answers from the call center thought I'd try here, hoping for answers. The call center person was nice but kept putting us on hold as if looking our questions up in a manuel.

Her job ends March 24th. Would we sign up ahead of then or wait until April 1st when her coverage ends?

Would the effective coverage date start then or on April 1st regardless of when we signed up?

Does either Premera or Aetna allow self referrals? (Don't have to go through primary care to see a specialist.)

Since we're not married or registered as domestic partners, we're supposed to sign an affidavit. However the affidavit only has information and no where to sign. Anyone know where to find a legitimate one?

Apologies for all the questions and thank you kindly in advance for your responses.
Is it right to say that it is probably easier to transfer apply for a transfer as an L4 to another facility after you have been in L3 for a while? I feel like it is harder and takes longer to move up in the same facility.

&#x200B;

I also never see any options on the internal job posting platform for positions that accept domestic internal transfers for L3 Process Assistants
I am attempting to reopen my LOA case but I need someone to excuse 8hrs I did not work on a shift to complete my request. 

The DLS team said they would 100% approve my LOA request as long as I didn’t have any punches submitted for the day I start my LOA. The problem is I do- I worked 3 hrs then left to go to the ER which is where the negative 8hrs show. 

My case sat open for 2 weeks as my case manager and HR never got back to me about the situation and as a result I got auto terminated in the system with a pending case. 

Once the case is approved, I will be reinstated as a T3 but I need to know who best to contact about this. I’ve already filed my appeal but that isn’t able to work because it’s a DLS issue. I’ve contacted local HR again, ERC and DLS many times since.
Like for real this shit ain’t in my job description first the excessive cameras now this shit do they even have lives let alone partner like tf
Hi, i want to know if some of you did the interview for the Data Analyst position. I have mine on 22th March, but i can’t find nothing about the job, salary etc… on internet. Thanks.
Hello all, I'm running into some trouble. I reapplied to work at amazon after about a year. Everything went smoothly until I had to fill out paperwork on MyDocs. 

Essentially, it keeps telling me I don't have a profile despite my using the same email they sent the link to me on. I called the ERC and they said to just come in on my first day and tell them I haven't been able to log into it. I've come here just to ask if anyone else has gone through this before and if there's anything else I should try doing before my first day.

Just to make sure it's clear, I have worked with amazon before, so I'm technically a rehire, in case that affects anything.
Is this sent when u clock out of AmazonAtoZ?
I’m a T3 from a delivery station who had input a request with all necessary documentation for 1 day last week. It was supposed to be covered by a Continuous LOA but instead my case manager never reached out to me and the case sat open for two weeks. 

In that time my negative hours never got reversed and I started receiving notices from HR about my negative time. I explained the situation and they let me still work knowing it was out of my control and left up to the DLS Team to fix. They never did and I just received a termination email and an email from PXT saying they are closing the case even though it wasn’t reviewed or discussed. 

Basically, I left work early to go to the ER as I thought I was having a medical emergency. With low hours but realizing this was serious I left work early. With a doctors note the DLS team will reverse your negative hours or any hours taken from you after your LOA is approved. I submitted the doctors note and all necessary documents, but it wasn’t approved and instead sat open while I sat negative. I was told by the DLS team that if HR can delete my clock in and clock out punches for the date I left early then they can approve my LOA request and refund my negative hours placing me back into active status and not terminated.

What are my options? 
The DLS reps keep telling me to contact my local HR to have them deleted my clock in and clock out punches for the date I requested originally so they can approve my leave and reverse my negative hours- but HR doesn’t like me and is giving me a hard time. 

Does anyone know of any other solutions? The only hours I had available were vacation. If I am going to be terminated and HR has to pay out my time anyways- will they let me use this vacation balance to reverse my time too?
We live in a new neighborhood. For awhile, our house was one of the only ones done on the street. We CONSTANTLY get other people's packages delivered to our house. I've chatted, called probably 5 times, and it. Is. Still.
Happening. It is driving me crazy. Amazon doesn't pay me to drive around and deliver my neighbors packages, so I don't want to do that, I don't want random people coming to our house to retrieve their packages all week, and I don't want to leave them outside and make our house susceptible to porch pirates. Can someone from Amazon please tell me what I can do to actually get this issue fixed for more than 2 days at a time? PLEASE. If you're going to say, "keep it" it has a picture of my porch, so...
Hi, I got an offer for the amazon finance rotation program in seattle for after graduation. 
Since seattle is crazy expensive, is it worth it to live downtown? 
If so, where is the most affordable neighborhood to be walking distance from Amazon? 
For those who commute: where is the best place to commute from, what transport do you take, and how long does it take you to get to work (including traffic)?
Would it be worth it to bring my car from CT to seattle to get around? 
Also, does the amazon seattle office do a hybrid environment? Was just wondering bc idk if I’d get a place downtown if I’m only expected at the office 2-3 days a week. 

Thank you!
 Hi there,

I'm an incoming CSM (Customer Solutions Manager) intern for AWS, and was hoping to meet other interns online before the internship starts this summer.

Does anyone know of Slack or Discord etc communities for Amazon interns that I can join?

Thanks :)
 

Hi   Guys, this is for those of you who work  as problem solvers  how have you guys been finding it so far and would you have any tips /   pointers as I am about to start my first job as a problem solver real soon and I  wanto be as acquainted as possible :) any insight into day to day work etc what i can expect 

Thank you! <3
Anyone knows how to get in contact with workers comp? On site they have cards but I’m currently on a LOA
Working overnight at Amazon Fresh with their 100+ cameras.

Especially when management is saying their surveilling us constantly because of our low performance on unreal quotas....and they wonder why I smoke OUTSIDE for all my breaks.

I don't trust those motion cameras... They've moved around at times even without employees tampering with shelf product for stocking and such. 

I'm almost through my 2 weeks notice. So it won't be my problem anymore.

Shifts for next week just dropped and my max hours is 20?? It used to be 50?? Anyone else know why?
I was backing a trailer to a dock door when one of the trailer doors swung out and the trailer door struck the dock door. Anybody know what severity this might be? This was my first safety incident. I passed the post accident drug screening.
If you could sign a waiver that allowed you to choose wether or not to wear safety shoes would you? 
Why or why not. 
(my feet are killing me)
Link to the website: https://www.engadget.com/amazon-shutting-down-eight-cashierless-go-stores-100102563.html

Link to the video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qi6rb42dnNc&feature=youtu.be
At this point, they’re not accommodating my requests and I’m pretty much out on leave until I get it figured out. I need something else to make ends meet. Is there a way to find out if I have another part time job during this time?
I just got hired in TN for a HR job but my hiring "mentor" left in the middle of my onboarding. I was told my work email is [amazon.com](https://amazon.com) but I also heard it is [us-east-1.amazon.com](https://us-east-1.amazon.com) ? Can anyone help me with clarifying?

Hey folks,

When is forte feedback available to be shared with employees this year?

Is it already from March 1st? 

Thanks





I'm being converted sunday from seasonal to a blue badge.In the email they sent they said it was contingent on a background check and drug test. Now I'm good to pass both but will they require me to go back out to the site they had me originally go to to take another drug test or will hr do it on site


Anyone did summer internship at Amazon HQ in Seattle? I’m a junior in college and I’ve got a offer. Any insight would be great. Tnks
Hi :) I just got an offer recently. I have some questions about background check sections.

I never did any criminal things , but I was a victim of a criminal scam case and went to the court before (i.e., I was the plantif). Will this record be revealed in the background check report? If so, will they cancel my offer for that?

Thanks a lot!!!
Hey, 

I am SDE1 in London. I have joined recently and moved to the UK from my home country (6 months ago). I really dont like my life here in London, I just hate the city. I wish if I can move to USA as I have part of my broad family there and friends as well. Is there a way I can ask for exception for relocation to USA? What about internal hiring? Does it work for SDE1?

PS: I will need visa sponsorship by Amazon to be able to move to USA. 

PS: I don't have family members in USA that qualify me to apply for family reunification. 

PS: If anyone can refer me or recommend me any job opening (even if outside Amazon) that sponsor visa in USA, it would be appreciated. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Thank you all for your support.

Hope I will be able to leave this city for better place.

Even if Andy Jassy wanted to make working at amazon better for employees, would anything actually change?  
Because money talks louder than words

So I took a two day LOA due to going into anaphylaxis from a severe allergic reaction from I have no idea what and was in the hospital. I was originally going back on the 17th because they discharged me early in the 16th but two hours after I got home I was covered in hives and my throat started to close up again and was rushed back to the hospital I just was released today at around 5pm and given the all clear to return to work. I called the ERC and they helped me fill everything out and told me what documents I needed it and it says the status it was approved. The problem is it says my return to work date is tomorrow but I’m not on the schedule? Do I just go in like normal? I’m definitely supposed to work tomorrow my schedule is Thursday - Sunday. (I apologize for an grammar or spelling errors English is not my first language).
Okay so I’ve been working at amazon for about a year and some change. All smooth sailing until one day, the security guard starts to pick and kind of harass me. Now, I never say anything as I’m thick skinned and usually go on about my way. However, I was recently termed over some bs…

The story or backdrop for my termination was “refusal to go thru a second security clearance” after the security guard started to pick with me over a speaker I bring to work. I didn’t have my speaker that night but the guard in charge said I refused to go thru a second clearance after asking if I had my speaker. 

I told them I didn’t have it as I went thru the first metal detector. However the security guard made an issue about something I didn’t have and tried to say I dodged a pat down. 

I am not being fired for “theft” or anything like that. I am being fired for “refusal to go thru the second security gate” after being caught up by this guard. 

I didn’t have it that night in my bag but they tried to make an issue like I wasn’t complying when I simply could see the issue of harassment. 

I have filled out multiple assets forms for this speaker and the guard knows this. 

Any thoughts, comments, advice? 

I can appeal but it’s just 🙄🤦🏽‍♂️

I’ve recently accepted an SDE intern position (Summer 2023) with my location being Sunnyvale. Is it true that Sunnyvale is only focused on devices and gives firmware roles even to SDEs. I would rather prefer a software role, which is why I applied as an SDE in the first place.

I've been at Amazon for a few months as Associate Corporate Counsel. Obv my first two years of pay include the bonuses they offer. I'm just planning ahead and wondering what my salary might shift to after the bonuses run out, as it would drop significantly if just relying on the base pay. Does anyone know what the base salaries are for Corporate Counsel? As well as how many RSUs they typically give out each review year? Glassdoor and those sites are wildly inaccurate because for my role it's nowhere close to being right. Any insight even in a ballpark range would be appreciated! Thanks

Hi, so today a PA asked me about the reason of my “low attendance” last week. I’m not sure what he meant because even though I went home early during my regular work schedule, I took VETs to make up for them so I still worked 35 hours (40 is my regular) that week. The only reason I go home early is because I go to school around 7am and my shift ends at 5am. I also have 10 hours of school accommodation so technically isn’t the expectation for me is 30 hours per week? I guess what I want to ask is what’s considered a “low attendance”? Is it anything less than 40 hours? I’m worried because I’m a seasonal and I really wanna keep the job. My rate has been pretty good ever since I started because they always tell me that, but will my attendance affect whether they will keep me or not? 

I asked them about changing my schedule so that I can still work 40 hours without needing school accommodation but they just made me fill up a school accommodation. I work saturday-tuesdays and I have classes on mondays and wednesdays which is why I want to change my schedule to wednesday-saturday. Is there any way this is possible?

# Backstory

I have been working with amazon for 1yr 8 months and 18 days. I started on graveyards in outbound pack and since then I have been trained in multiple areas like slam line, rebin (sort) and inducting. Around my one year I transfered to days and got into the pick department. I have been working in pick for almost 10 months now.( I have the same manager I had on night shift I didn't know he transferred to days he is isn't bad at all. Without him, I probably wouldn't have been trained in all the areas during my nights) I switched for personal reason. (which I am happy to share in the DMs to anyone mentioned in the title only)

Fast forward to now and I have been trying to advance my career with amazon but it seems like everytime I try things keep on pushing me nowhere I bug the learning ambassadors on a daily basis. I keep seeing new vest almost every week but yet I get nowhere with them, even though I make top performer in the facility. 

I keep thinking that maybe, I am not qualified but I have multiple years of experience in many different areas but yet my skill set just keeps on getting pushed to the side without any explanation. 

I find it annoying and frustrating as well because they keep saying that "oh just reapply next time" I have about 20 times during my time with amazon and have gotten nowhere. 

Not only that but this whole Ai system going over resumes is also a hassle because I don't know what it's looking for... if it can even read my resume correctly. I feel like maybe that is a barrier that is also stopping me from being able to move onto any next step when it comes to amazon. 

I am just so tired and feel so defeated and annoyed I know my manager means well when he tells me about these other spots and job openings within amazon but every time I am just not even sure if it's worth trying to apply as I keep getting tossed out and not even seen as an option even when I reach out to the hiring managers or recruiters through slack or chime. 

So if you are a Manager, HR or someone in a manager position for Amazon I would be grateful if you could take a look at my resume and let me know what I should or shouldn't change that will get me past the Ai.

I worked for Amazon briefly in 2020, during which I received company stock as a benefit. I'm not sure what happened to my stock but I received an email from a site called computershare telling me my Amazon Direct Stock Purchase Plan was available to view. However, upon trying to log in to view it I was asked for a user id and a PIN, neither of which I have. To recover a username or PIN you need to provide an employee ID, which I also no longer have. I am unable to access Amazon A to Z. I don't even know if I have any stock left, but I'd like to at least know. Anyone have any tips on figuring this out?

This Associate Made the Jump to Process Assistant. Here’s How. https://www.youtube.com /v&#61;8bFudzETy3o

Amazon recommends STAR Interview format in latest news notification


🔗[**How to Use STAR Method Technique for Interview Questions**](https://zety.com/blog/star-method-interview)

*Situation, Task, Action, and Result — the STAR method is a way of﻿ responding to behavioral interview questions. How to use it to your advantage?* Updated 01/04/2023

🔗[**Technique**](https://www.thebalancemoney.com/what-is-the-star-interview-response-technique-2061629)

🔗[**examples**](https://www.zippia.com/advice/star-method-interview-questions/)
If anyone would like to complete a short questionnare regarding working at Amazon and working conditions etc, it would be much appreciated.

Thank you

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfy5GmvyudqXqCnSPWATIDfdNJMVZLByYLVFhCxL\_Evm9loDg/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfy5GmvyudqXqCnSPWATIDfdNJMVZLByYLVFhCxL_Evm9loDg/viewform?usp=sf_link)
So I don’t get along with my neighbor at my complex.  He works for the delivery portion and my packages get stolen a lot! They would only steal them when I wasn’t home but if I go to work it would be gone when I come back.  I recently put a hidden camera and found out his wife took it.   He has access to my Amazon account and information. Any ideas? Customer Service keeps hanging up on me.  I know his name, phone number, and address since he live next door to me…
So I fucked up and am not getting federal taxes out on my checks. Luckily I caught it with my first check, but can I fix this?
My husband is a regular employee and my roommate wants to work with him. Unfortunately they’re only hiring seasonal atm. When they start hiring again what’s the turn around time, will he be able to apply if working and just swap? Any advice or insight would be helpful, Thanks bunch!

Area Managers who work in DC Grocery warehouse, tips or suggestions for pickers to increase their pick rates?

How I can transfer from Amazon Canada to California, San Diego Amazon? I am moving to San Diego and I don’t want to loose my job! 

Any suggestions! 

Thank you!
Looking for anyone that has had to deal with a work-related injury while on site at an FC. 

I suffered a back injury back in April of 2022, and required surgery in November of 2022. I've now finished my last follow up appointment and was informed that I will be receiving a settlement offer within the next 30 days. He also mentioned that I may want to hire an attorney, but it may not be necessary. Workers' comp covered the surgery and therapy that was a part of the recovery process as well as covered 60% of my weekly pay. I explained this but the Surgeon still verified that the settlement process is something that is mandatory. 

&#x200B;

I'm just trying to figure out if an attorney would be beneficial, as I've never had to deal with this before.



*As required by law, Amazon filed notices of the job cuts with the three states this week and last week (Wed, Jan 25, 2023). 

▪️The filings show that 2,320 employees have lost their jobs in Seattle and Bellevue, Wash., with an effective date of March 19. 

▪️That’s the same effective date for the 504 employees who have lost their jobs in various locations in four cities in California, most of them in the Silicon Valley town of Sunnyvale. 

▪️And 299 employees were laid off from different locations in New York City, effective April 18.*

*Amazon Chief Executive Andy Jassy said at the beginning of January that the company is eliminating 18,000 employees around the world, adding to the initial number of 10,000 layoffs announced in November. In a blog post announcing the cuts, Jassy cited an “uncertain economy and that we’ve hired rapidly over the last several years.”*

*While the company’s filings in Washington and New York don’t disclose the positions eliminated, the ones in California show that the cuts affected **software engineers, program managers, research scientists, applied scientists, recruiters and more**.*

*Amazon’s stock has rebounded so far this year amid the layoffs, **gaining 15.6% in January as the S&P 500 index increased 4.7%**. *

🔗[Amazon filed required layoff notices in CA, NY, & WA](https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/companies/amazon-s-second-wave-of-layoffs-hits-thousands-of-employees-across-three-states/ar-AA16HeYJ)


**Google the story; find another news outlet; climb over the pay wall.**
My first day was 1/18 which was fine, but I had an abscess in my eyelid which put me in the hospital (had to be cut open to drain and then three days of IV antibiotics) so I ended up missing 7 days of work (got approved for sick leave because it was out of my control). I’ve been released by my doctor and I’m set to go back 2/01 but I have no idea where the put me in the warehouse. How do I find out?
​I find that as a self-employed person I have so many trivial and repetitive things to do every day that I have no time to think. I would like to ask you how you deal with the trivialities of your day job, such as getting daily reports, categorizing buyer messages of different emergency levels, summarizing site status, number of order defects, etc.



I imagine it was probably much better than now, but its hard to believe that because, Jeff Bezos.

Good evening my fellow Amazonians,

I currently work FT and was approved for an internal transfer to flex shift. I have a few questions to ask and hopefully, you guys can help me. *NOT FLEX DRIVER*

1) Are you allowed to pick more than one shift? (EX: I would like to work from 7 am to 330 pm) on the app, it shows this as two different blocks. Would I be able to select 2 shifts per day?

2) What benefits come with flex? 

3) Does flex offer PTO, VTO, or UPT? 

4) How many hours are you allowed to max out a week/month?

Thanks in advance 🙂
Tried to pick up a pack singles shift and get a message saying training required. I have packapp permission, so I check into it and turns out that Om’s only want regular pack employees to be able to get vet. Guess who’s going to be a John Holmes sized tool the next time pack is short handed?
**How does Amazon hourly starting pay & average pay compare with   competitors?**

Today Walmart said it is raising wages of its U.S. hourly workers at a in stores and warehouses will earn a starting wage of at least $14 an hour, up from $12 **averaging $17.50 hourly**? Amazon & Target Corp., have a $15-an-hour minimum wage, while Costco minimum is $17 averages $17.50. Amazon's **average starting pay is more than $19** for its front-line warehouse employees. RETAIL average nonsupervisory hourly rose 4% from last year to $19.93.

[Amazon Average Salary Sept 2022 Comprison](https://ojdigitalsolutions.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/word-image-48458-11.png)

[Walmart 2023 **average** hourly wage for warehouse = $20-$21](https://en.as.com/latest_news/walmart-salaries-for-2023-how-much-do-employees-get-paid-n/)

[America's largest private employer just hiked wages as the labor market tightens](https://www.cnn.com/2023/01/24/business/walmart-raising-wages/index.html)

[Walmart Raises hourly payrate Raise | WSJ subscription](https://www.wsj.com/articles/walmart-to-raise-wages-for-u-s-hourly-workers-11674577513?mod=djemwhatsnews)

Well ladies and gentlemen, I'm back to work as of this week (starting this past Sunday),not fully back to full power as of yet,but I'm getting there. Still having go through a runaround with DLS  about short term disability pay for the days after 12/29 that was still off and recovering. But I'm thankful to still have a job,grateful for the excellent insurance that covered me and to my managers and coworkers who welcomed me back.❤️❤️❤️
Did they ever enforce the no earbuds/ phone policy?

Are W2s sent to each employee by mail or are they only available online?
Has anybody tried to change their federal tax withholding? I tried changing mine to 10% but it would only let me increase it by dollar increments.
For the deliveryman/deliverywomen out there, which of the below would be your most preferred choice of footwear when you're on duty?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/10jtlm6)
Anyone on here from grr1?

The site near me has Tier II spots open and says they will train for the license. Is it just counting pills or will I have to deal directly with customers?

I just re-applied for full time position transfers.. hope everyone else has enough work to keep the bills paid



I think it’s so weird how I be minding my business and I always get told I look mad . I was at work working and this random guy came up to me asking me if I was “okay” I say yes he says “ ok just making sure you look like you want to kill yourself “ like yo wtf who says that?? That caught me so off guard Ike I’m literally working.Am I supposed to be smiling or something ??  Mind you I do packing so I’m in my own little world not caring about what goes on around me i just be doing my job . But isn’t that like strange idk He just messed up my mood the rest of the night

So I had to miss yesterday because I was in the hospital after swelling I started having halfway through my shift got so severe my brother made me go, so my UPT is at 30 minutes but I do have very severe pink eye that has caused cellulitis in my eye as well as a black eye from the swelling. My eye is swollen shut so I can not drive to work, but even I did I don’t feel safe working with one eye (and the one I can use is my bad eye at that.) the doctor did tell me not to return to work until I am able to open my eye completely (about 4-5 days with the antibiotics) which means I will miss the last two days of work week. 

Who do I talk to, how do I go about this? I can’t afford to lose my job.
**Yes,** AA, **"your employer can insist on notification or request for Restroom"**

**OSHA** say, Employers must:

*Allow workers to leave their work locations to use a restroom when needed.*

*Provide an adequate number of restrooms for the size of the workforce to prevent long lines.*

*Avoid imposing unreasonable restrictions on restroom use.*

*Ensure restrictions, such as locking doors or requiring workers to sign out a key, do not cause extended delays*

*Employers may need to be flexible in developing procedures to ensure that workers have access to toilet facilities as needed. .. Also, when work stations require constant coverage (e.g., production lines and bus drivers), **employers may implement a system for workers to request relief** as long as there are sufficient relief-workers to assure the wait is not unreasonably long.*

[OSHA Restroom Regulation](https://www.osha.gov/restrooms-sanitation)
Amazon is my first job and even though I’m a seasonal at a sortation center I love it. I got a 3,000 bonus, we don’t use pallets only go carts or shuttles. We don’t even have to go to our assigned stations, well we know where to go but we assign ourselves most of the time. Transporting go carts is too hard for me cause they’re heavy so I usually just scan or split and I’ve never got in trouble once (others do the same as well). It’s only one level and the sort center medium sized so walking from place to place isn’t hard work at all. HR always responds to their emails within a day and we get free things all of the time. The only downside to it that I find funny is that they offer 30+ VTO and then flex up.  I’m 18 and in college and this is wonderful! Especially since my schedule is 3-7PM which apparently is rare? This place only opened in 2021 but I hope to stay at this Amazon for many years! It’s easy work, never got yelled at once and . I’m not going to say the location because I do not want things to change for me but it’s in the tristate. I do 16 hours a week, $20 an hour. I’ve been working since November 2022.

Hello I am a seasonal employee for sortation at Amazon and recently got terminated because of short term employment contract. I received both a phone call and email. However, weeks ago I did a school accommodation to continue seasonal employment of my same schedule considering my shift choice had got denied. The accommodation got accepted and was to begin the same day all the new schedules would (of blue badge and seasonal that got accepted by shift choice) but I got terminated 2 days before it. Please help, I don’t know what to do seeing as my accommodation was already granted to continue employment.

Edit: thank you all for your help! HR emailed me back and said it was a mistake since I had filled out the accommodation and had it accepted a week prior. I will be rehired in a couple of days.
Hi there, I have to provide 18 feedbacks, I will decline some of them, but I run out of ideas, I checked the examples in wiki but I need more.

Can anyone of you please PM your old feedbacks you provided to other colleagues? Growth, superpowers, etc.. any text will be appreciated. I have to provided 18 feedbacks, I will reject some of them but I still have to complete them a bunch of them.

I will change the names and will re-write of course.  This challenging period at Amazon blocks me. 

Any old feedback that you are not gonna use, a PM will be much appreciated.

More than happy ti get you an avatar or pay if you think I should.

Thanks in advance for any help.
#forte #fortefeedback

How did Amazon treat workers during the first year of Covid?
Hi Amazonians, as you already now we are in the middle of the forte review process, we have to write like a star feedback to our colleagues that have requested it, and also our feedback. The problem is that I am really bad writing, with 0 imagination on what to say or how to say it. So I am here asking for some help if anyone wants to share some sentences that I can modify a little bit and submit them. More than happy to pay for this, but I couldn’t find anyone who can make it. Any idea where I can get this shxt done? I hope you understand how much anxiety I am getting with this.



Hello everyone, so I’m fairly new to Amazon and have yet to become familiar with the App. I recently picked up a shift that I may not be able to attend. Can someone tell me the difference between dropping a shift vs selecting time off? Do both options result in points? If so, which is the better option point wise?
I started at a gen 21 site. Crew that opened the building. Outbound pack. After a week I was in problem solve because I loved.. well. Problem solving lol. Taped, Packed, BOD, Noncon, Kickout, PS Main, CPT Chase, Backup PA, and eventually full time "backup PA" cause we had no PA. I have run at least 30 shifts by myself for pack management including labor moves, "labor coding when I could", and all safety violations as an L1. 
Yeah... I'm still an L1.
I have been notified after 9 months of questioning through 4 HR reps, 3 OMs, 4 AMs, and 7 PAs,.... that since I have been indirect for too long, I am not available for any PA slots because I am considered an learning curve 1 pack associate by algorithm standards... ... ... so... ... any advice amazon peeps?
Honestly I’ve never had this issue at other jobs because I can put my preferred name on the application, but Amazon did not give me that choice so my badge has my deadname. I don’t really mind being called by my deadname in most cases (like most of my family still calls me it but they’re older and I don’t want to correct them) I just don’t want to have to correct a bunch of people for months.
The Fastenal gloves Amazon issues for us to wear 10 + hours a day, have a Cancer and reproductive harm warning known as Prop65. I asked for them to notify employees or change the gloves and they refused. Fastenal has gloves Without the warning, for $2 more. Elderly and pregnant people at Amazon wear these gloves. If you got a cancer diagnosis, or had a child born with issues after working at Amazon, call your lawyer.
been working in fluid/ EOL for 2.5 years with these safety boots we had to get and was wondering what your recommendations for insoles are
I get these surveys for deliveries asking how it went, and I’m just curious if the results actually help you in some way. Specifically if positive feedback benefits you. I’m happy to do the surveys if you’re able to see them, or if you get rewards for a certain number of good surveys or whatever, but if they just go into the void unless there’s a problem, maybe I won’t bother. 

Anyway, curious how these things work from the employees perspective. 

Sorry if this isn’t the best place to ask this kind of question.
Hello

I know this doesn't fit much here but want to hear from employees. 

I live in Cyprus, and I want to buy a laptop from Amazon UK, I know that you have to pay import duties and taxes now but most of the time [Amazon.com](https://Amazon.com) will take care of this, by paying them an import fee. Although it seems that Amazon UK doesn't deliver to my country but instead if I change the deliver country to Greece, surprisingly they do ship there?? and they have the option to pay import fees etc. How it's possible to not deliver items in addresses in Cyprus but deliver to Greece? Those two countries are very close. I don't get it. Is it a bug at Amazon UK website?

&#x200B;

How can I contact them to fix it?

It is sold and shipped by Amazon UK

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Thank you
Hey guys just wondering if anyone has any insight on this application on the AtoZ app. Says courses are free but something about a subscription?

They recorded me for one hour while driving my op they said they do it yearly sometimes and never explained why? Why did they record me?
I'm currently working for Amazon dsp, but idk if I can trust working dsp for too long because I don't always feel safe in this job even though I deliver in nice suburban neighborhoods, it's full of racist people and free range dogs.

What I do like about it is the flexibility and pay. I currently work 3 days a week 30hrs and get paid 18.50. Then I get 4 days off which is perfect for me while taking my college classes.

Now I'm feeling I should find a warehouse position with similar pay and flexibility, but Amazon has so many different positions and I want to know what anyone here might suggest that will match what I'm looking for so I can start applying?

Settled for a $1.50 yoplait 🙃
I can only find a pink one but it’s still clear. Will that work or do I need to find something else?
I worked as a packer (night shift) for over over a month and was terminated for negative UPT after that month. I never received the $500. How can I speak to an actual human being to inquire about this. Has anybody else had this problem?
Some context: I signed up online to work in an amazon warehouse. I don’t even know if I finished because the page reloaded and brought me back to the screen with the big button that says ‘APPLY’ but it was greyed out. I then got an email that told me when my first shift of work was along with the location to show up to. But before the page reloaded I got a message telling me to drive over an HOUR away to get a drug test. I’m just a little confused as to wether I have the job or if I needed to get the test done before showing up. I’m at a loss at what’s going on and thought I’d ask people here. 

I’ve searched for a number for Amazon employees to call but cannot find one so if there is a number or place to go for help regarding the hiring process it would be appreciated if someone would let me know
My personal account on Amazon has been flagged for too many returns. I'm now being asked to fill out an incident report for an item I recently returned. I've never had to do that before. I buy a TON of stuff on Amazon and have been a customer for over 10 years. Recently I've had a fair amount of returns.

Is there a way to get "unflagged" or is my account going to be permanently flagged now? Please let me know what I can do. 

Also, I recently started a seller account and ofcourse they are connected. Will this affect my seller account as well?


Drug test and background check results came back all clear so my official start date is this Sunday on January 15th ✅

What will my first day consist of? I know it's an orientation, but will I be there for 10 whole hours? Anything I should bring with me?

It was my first day of the second week I've been working there. 4-8 am sort shift pne5, first day on the mezzanine ( the robots).received a message that my rate was 435 and it's supposed to be 480.


I’ve always worked in warehouses/fulfillment centers and we had the option of career choice. When I first started we got that option after a year. The last time I worked they said we could get that option after 3 months. I don’t work for Amazon anymore. A position opened up for an Amazon Whole Foods shopper, I think we are gathering foods up for people who order curbside or something. I was wondering, does Amazon offer career choice for that? And if they do, do they offer it after working 3 months? It’s a part time position if that changes anything.
Has anyone taken leave as a dad and can tell me what it was like? Is it paid? How long? Did you use the app to put it in? How long in advance did you put it in?


Hey all, quick background - I do a little podcast and in a recording we did recently, a friend of mine was having some connection issues that really hampered the quality of the recording. I'm trying to make some improvements and found out he streaming video/audio on wifi which I'm sure accounts for part of it.

He told me that he is required to use Wifi, and not a hardwired connection, to establish his VPN connection for his remote Amazon job. Which...seems wrong? An ethernet connection to his router would be more secure, from everything I understand. If anything, I would expect it to be the opposite for security reasons. From what I understand, the method with which you connect to the *internet* shouldn't impact your ability to connect to a VPN service from there. But then again, this isn't my exact area of expertise and I don't know the inner workings of Amazon and their VPN requirements.

I didn't want to push his buttons at all about it but it feels to me like he doesn't understand the requirement, however I'm having trouble digging any deeper into what the requirements are so I can confirm if that's true. If I could just send him a long ethernet cable and he could plug it in when we record, that sure would go a long way to helping it the issues, but at present his stance is "my job comes first and my job requires me to use Wifi" - which is understandable, but only if it's true.

Hoping you all can provide me a little insight - is he right here and Wifi is required to connect to Amazon's VPN service to work remotely? Or can I point him to any policy descriptions that will ease his mind so I can send him some cat5?

Thank you so much for your help!

I am seeking information on Amazon Technical Apprenticeship Program. I am considering applying for the Software Development program, and would greatly appreciate your thoughts and insights on it. 

I currently work at an Amazon FC. However, on my free time I like to learn about tech. I have some knowledge on programming and OOP. In addition, I have also built some simple mobile and web apps. I understand that designing real-world applications are larger and more complex. This is one reason why I am interested in software development, so that I can learn how systems are designed, maintained, and scaled.

Regarding the Amazon’s program, I have attempted to sign up via Career Choice but I am always redirected to the job board and I am unable sign up. I also went through the job board to find job postings for the program but no luck.

If you have any experience with Amazon’s Technical Apprenticeship Program or any advice for someone considering applying could you please share? I would be be grateful for any information you can provide. 

Thanks for your time.



URGENT!!! I got the job offer as an Area manager through University hiring. Does Amazon verify your degrees?Because i had my second bachelors degree's conferral date (I dropped out) on the application I submitted. I completed my first bachelors like two years ago tho. Will they terminate/rescind the offer??? Should i keep it as a secret???
So I have a bereavement leave coming up my question is if I use any kind of time (PTO,VTO,UPT,VAC) in the day or two prior to my leave will it null or mess up me taking my bereavement leave? I have some things I need to do tomorrow am so I wanted to use PTO to cover the few hrs in the morning I need but since my bereavement starts on Friday will it mess it up? No one at my site could give a clear answer. HR wasn’t in today and I need to know by the morning what to do. Thanks in advance.
I applied for a seasonal job position at Amazon Fulfillment center and I’m curious if they pay weekly or bi-weekly?
Does anyone know what kind of drug test Amazon does?
How can I report a seller who sells faulty products and then only will replace them if you write a fake 5-star review?
Maybe I’m just dumb (I did go to public school in Indiana lmao) but my job details says my pay rate is $1.50 more than paperwork. Is it a shift differential? If that’s the case, will my overtime rate be higher as well?

I recently had my bike, my primary mode of transportation, stolen off the property by a non amazon employee. Happened a couple weekends ago and still dealing with trying to get some form of compensation. 

 I was curious to know of any else has had a similar experience and what was the final result?
Hey all, not an employee but I have a question for you guys. Do you guys know who orders what? Like do you package and put the shipping label at the same time so you know John Doe orders x item? I only ask because I have a sibling that works for Amazon and I order a lot of nsfw items that I would rather no one found out about.
A few months back I was terminated but was told I can reapply after my 90 days which was up in August. Decided to apply for a part time flex position at a warehouse but got a message from candidate support saying I’m no longer eligible for rehire and cannot share details of the decision. Why did that change/ and who did I contact to figure out way???
If you get fired for TOT When Can You Go Back.?!!
Does anyone currently hold these positions and have any information on what your job consists of and what the salary consists of or any tips for applying?

They both have job descriptions but it would be cool to hear it in an actual employees words and not the pre written paragraphs.

Salary could vary from state to state but just a rough estimate would help, I haven’t been able to find anything specific because it appears there are many “Virtual” Amazon jobs.

Both of these are listed as virtual but I’m sure Market Manager is in person.

Thank You!

I am currently working for an Amazon sort-center. I have been here for almost 3 Months. I wonder if there is a way to land a better position within the company? I have a computer science degree. I graduated in 2020, but I was not able to find a job in my field. What should be my next steps?
I just want to know some things to expect as an Amazon employee.
My son works flex and he's been trying to grab at least the min 4hr for the week and literally everything is gone in seconds. He's only been at this facility for 2 weeks. What is he supposed to do. This is 3x every time they added shifts. 

If it helps he's at the new Portland facility not far from delta park.
 I am a textile seller on amazon and I have registered my fabric design for copyright. Can I apply © mark on my fabric or in the product description?
I read somewhere that it was weekly but my paperwork says biweekly (last updated 2020 I think) it doesn’t matter to me personally I’m just trying to figure out how I’ll be putting in savings for rent
I found a zebra device on my street about a month ago. I tried to take it to the police station but they were too busy. I assume it’s an amazon scanning device. It has a Dolphin app with the amazon symbol and a eDriving Mentor audit app. Can anyone confirm this belongs to amazon? If I return it to amazon is someone going to get in trouble?
So I have prior management experience at Best Buy and AT&T and I have my bachelors degree so I applied for an area manager position at the new fulfillment center opening in my city next year. I know the shifts are long and you’re on your feet all day but from those who’ve been in the position the pay is decent and as a guy who got a worthless liberal arts degree, It seems enticing.

 So I apply and then  I take the assessment and at first I get all  the behavioral questions which I think I did well in and then the dreaded math portion. I did the best I could since it was time limited but I definitely could have done better. If I would have failed the assessment would I have gotten an automatic rejection? Because my application now just says applied.
Can anyone explain to me how Short Term disability works with the company? I'm on medical LOA until tomorrow when I see the surgeon to have the staples and drains taken out.  Apparently, I'm already on STD. Do I receive any kind of pay and if so ,how much?
I’m due to start on the 1st, I’ve never worked for Amazon before. After peak season, is the availability for overtime still there? And how do you request it/sign up for it? Is there a cap on how much overtime you can get?

I guess other locations could help out too. I’m coming from another already labor intensive job so I’m not worried about that.
I myself am a very plus sized 25 year old woman. I'm very close to getting my first job ever after years of severe social anxiety has kept me from it. Medication has helped me get my social anxiety under  control which has been really life-changing.

However getting my first job at Amazon, my biggest concern is my weight and physical ability. I've been sedentary since high school (seven years). Sometimes I get tired just standing. Obviously a job at an Amazon fulfillment center involves lots of standing. I'm just so scared that I can't do this and it makes me hate myself. I hate myself in the sense that social anxiety (although it's a lot better) still keeps me from getting maybe a "better," less  physically draining job. I love that I'll be working on my own mostly but yeah I'm just scared my body is not going to take it and kinda  "ruin" this opportunity for me. I do want to be more active though, and this could be a way to keep myself at it, maybe?

Do any of y'all relate? I'd love to hear your experiences. I just need some positivity  please!! Tomorrow is my pre-hire appointment and I'm so nervous :( Thank  you guys.
What kind of shit is this? No bonus and only 6 hours of holiday pay? God damn, Bezos, it's not like you can't afford it! I've never only gotten 6 hours holiday pay from any job as a full time employee...



Hey y’all. SAT2 FC employee here. Yesterday there was my overtime day and as expected there was no work because of severe weather preventing trucks from entering. They had me decanting but this one waterspider kept barking orders at everyone as if he were a PA. He reported me to the PA because I didn’t remove all the side covers from the pallets despite me removing enough to get some work out for stowers. I needed to quickly fill up the other sleds from several stowers so I  had to move from one side of the floor to the other, limiting me from removing all the covers from the pallets. Anyway, when I got back to where he was waterspidering he deadass yelled at me to not come to his side. Have any of y’all dealt with something like this? I asked other employees on his floor if he usually acts like that and to no surprise everyone agreed but haven’t told confronted him. I immediately went to the PA and they said that he’s just a waterspider with no management position. The PA didn’t even bother to talk to him about it which sucks because it shows management picking favorites. Thoughts?

Does amazon pay seasonal employees on holidays? I work 10-hour night shifts on weekends and was told that we don’t work on christmas eve and christmas day, meaning i only get to work for 2 days that week. Just curious if i will be getting paid if not i’ll be taking VET. I also just started 2 weeks ago but they told me that i’ve been doing a great job and my rate is 31 per hour.
Currently in a blizzard, our temp is -37 with the wind chill, 5 inches so far & still coming, the roads are completely covered and under the snow is a layer of ice, we’re on a level 3 snow emergency. No cars out to be seen. But Amazon’s weather hotline has been updating that “all amazon shifts are remaining as scheduled and we are still up and running” 🤡 Not to mention it’s a 35 min drive for me. They are insane!!!
So whenever I’m having packages delivered to my house I try to have drinks placed outside for the drivers and sometimes I’ll put out various prepackaged snacks. 
Well this year I waited to order stuff and it is being delivered on Christmas Eve in multiple deliveries, which I feel incredibly bad about. 
And I want to do something nice for the delivery folks working on Christmas Eve. 


SO, my question is, if I put out holiday treat bags with baked goodies for the drivers, would they be okay taking those? Or would they prefer prepackaged treats? 

I know the world is a crazy place and people are very worried about the safety of eating things from strangers, so I am trying to get a better sense of how to proceed. Let me know below 🤓

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/zsa2o4)
I got into a weird situation where I kept accruing attendance points to my account, but A-to-Z never had any available shifts for me to select. Like never, on any days. I was FLEXPT so I accrued a point every week for not working the minimum hours. I would get warning emails from Points Management saying I was nearing the point of being terminated. I replied to each one stating that I couldn't select any shifts because there were none available. The last reply I sent, no one responded, and then a few days later I got a termination email.

What are my options here? I can't access A-to-Z anymore.

I asked HR and they gave me paperwork for the resources for living people.   I called them and she said they will call me Monday but they only can look up local stuff, I told her I've looked up everything local and there isn't much due to hurricanes and stuff. Does anyone have any advice? This is killing my mental health as it has happened right at the holidays and I'm a single parent.I tried the brightside app but they said they are still in the pilot program and no longer taking applications for my state. I ordered an anytime card since my HR doesn't have one but it takes 7-10 business days and I go back to work tomorrow. I don't even have gas to get there and literally fed my daughter a grill cheese with the ends of the bread but it was the last of it. I'm losing  my mind and feel like a huge failure. I paid all my money to try and prevent eviction but I'm 220 short on that. I got a 3 day notice before they file, if they file I have to pay the lawyer fees and what I owe plus a new deposit. Plus it will be on my credit. If anyone knows anything specific to ask HR or somewhere please let me know.  

Someone messaged me and asked my cash app. While I don't expect anything as that was not my intention, anything sent would be a huge blessing and I would pay it back. 

My cash app is $beachlover089  Again, I'm not expecting anything.

I posted this yesterday but for some reason It got deleted.

Update: I was able to come up with part of the rent, I'm 180 short now. I am willing to show proof I work for amazon and my 0 dollar check stubs to prove I'm not a scammer as someone claimed. 

Update: 
I spoke with HR again in person and they suggested that the erc allows you to get a loan and take it out of your check, and it isn't brightside (they are still not accepting applications). I called the erc 3 different times to get different people and was told they don't do that. Has anyone heard of this? I tried donating plasma but due to my recent procedure and medical stuff my iron was too low. I am desperately trying to figure this out.
I stow on  RT nights. I’m an 7 months pregnant. (I have all paperwork in order before anyone says anything snide) I have my dls paperwork and my accommodations team paper for light duty, I have had to get 2 accommodations because the first one did nothing and I was still leaving cramping and in pain, so I went from a 20lb lifting to a 15lb and if there’s a heavy item I have to pull an andon, and we allll know how long that takes. That was fine, my waterspiders know to fill my sled and remove any heavy totes from my work pallet, without even asking now, i love them all, and they all respect it, again I’m 7 months pregnant you can’t really hide it at this point. I have had 2 write ups and a retrain due to “productivity” and I was never warned or told that I have a “final warning” so last night at 12am I was asked to go to HR, I then joked to my manager “am I getting fired lol” and he said it shouldn’t be anything crazy lol. I get down there and I was indeed about to get terminated. I was given 2 options, stay the rest of the night, but if my rates were bad, I would be terminated at beginning of shift today. And my other option was, to go on a certificate of fitness and have my doctor fill out ANOTHER accommodation paper saying “no steps” in order to keep my job. And I would be placed in pack, I don’t want to pack I was perfectly fine upstairs, had no complaints anymore. I go to work, do my job and go home. I literally don’t even take extra breaks even tho my ankles are the size of bricks at the end of the night.. I just don’t know what to do I feel so discriminated against. I’m 22 years old I’m not moving at turtle speed. Just not normal because I’m huge and again 7 MONTHS PREGNANT!!! please help 

Update! It’s getting escalated to my senior operations manager 🙏🏽 all managers that this was brought up to said that it was wrong on their part!
Not sure if I’m in the right place, but my question is which doctor do I send it to?

Background: I recently got admitted to the ER, got discharged, then back to ER. Got admitted to the hospital for a few days then got transferred to a different hospital where they did a minor surgery. 

Due to this matter, I missed days at work (Amazon) and will still be missing work for a couple of days as Instructed. My employer want me to submit documentations for disability. One of the documents is to be filled out by my medical provider. However, I’m not sure who to ask because of the varying dates I stayed in the different places. I feel like asking the doctor who instructed me not to go back to work right away. (Because it makes sense to me since I wouldn’t be going back right away) but what if he doesn’t put the dates from the other hospital and my leave wouldn’t get approved for those dates. Or should inform my PCP and ask her? HELP, I’M JUST TRYING TO BE AN ADULT 😭
Amazon warehouse workers vote to strike after walkouts over 'pathetic' 35p-per-hour pay increase.
Hi Friends,

I have 2 stores on Amazon and Etsy. I’m getting 40-60 orders on a daily basis. I’m facing difficulty managing bulk orders. I have a team of 5 members but I don’t want them to spend too much time on processing orders rather than focusing on business growth. Can anyone give me suggestions on how I automate order processing?
What happens when you don’t pay back relocation bonuses or pay after due date? Amazon asking me to pay before Dec 31st because they need to change w2. But I need more time to pay back
Worked for Amazon for 30 days, 7 of those were LOA for covid, 3 for bereavement and then quit two days ago, but still got my bonus today. So to the person that was condescending when I asked if I would still get it👌🏻
Hi, anyone who reads this and can help. I am a high-functioning autistic guy, just for context. I've only been at amazon a week and have a few questions.
Do overtime shifts turn blue on the app once you are scheduled for your mandatory overtime as your regular shifts do? Can they fire you over your rate? I've been trained in singles and multipacks. How long does it take to be cross-trained in another department? I like my job but want to develop a complex skill set and grow within the company. Do they care if you put a smaller item in a bigger bag? My trainer said it didn't really matter with singles as long as it was bagged. I wouldn't say I'm the slowest, but I'd say I'm not the fastest.  Especially in a multi-pack, putting the tape on a box is a pain for me. Due to my ASD, using my hands to put the tape on big boxes is a struggle. I'm passable at smaller containers but still not great. If they see me struggle in multi, will they move to singles where I am much more efficient at my job? I only have one overtime day so far but I expect that will change. I am prepared to work six days a week, but does it depend on the day and demand at the location? I am employed at the warehouse in Newnan, Ga. I am also a student at a community college. They said that they could work my schedule around my class schedule. Is that true or was the hr guy just being nice to us new hires during orientation? My trainer said I was doing fine at my job and improving, should I not be concerned then? I'd love any other new hire advice if you have any tips on how to be more efficient? Thanks and well wishes from a fellow amazonian.
I currently live in California and work in ONT8 I'm debating moving to Arizona and my boyfriend would only feel comfortable transferring to another IXD. How is GYR3? How strict are they? How is the environment?
Hi all, 

I spend probably too much on Amazon and always get great service when I have a grey area return. I have friends whoever who seem to get the shaft! Is this because of a priority customer system or something?
I’ve been working for Amazon for three years and a few months ago decided to make it a career, but by the sounds of it it is a sinking ship. I live in southern Jersey, what are some jobs that those of you who have already left Amazon gone to? What jobs do you guys think are better and why? I’m starting to think I should plan for when the fall of this company finally comes.
If I am at pretty much my last point before I get fired should I resign before I hit that last point or get fired from it? If I resign will I be able to re apply sooner than if I got fired?

If you’re currently working Amazon corporate, now is the time to quit or get fired. 

I was fired and was distraught. Management is a joke. OM visibly displayed blue lives matter stickers on his water bottle. 

But non of that matters because I’m here to tell you corpo is sinking ship. Fulfillment is next. Get out while you can. 

I was able to find a job in another industry for 30% more pay. 23 -> 30 an hr. 

Get out while you can. Their level of burning you out is not worth the minuscule pay they give you. 
They will burn you out and not give a damn. 

Leave. Leave. Leave!!!

Don’t give them your hard work just for them to move those goal posts!

F. Jeff Bezos. F Andrew Jassy

They don’t care about you
I have worked for Amazon for about 5 weeks. I'm supposed to get my Bonus on my paycheck in 2 days. I'm supposed to work today, but I'm not going because I have another job. I signed up for the shifts I can work, but they keep adding MET and told me there is nothing they can do about it. Just use upt and pto. Well i'm almost put so im gonna get fired. Does that mean I won't get my bonus?
I used to work for amazon but now I work for a firm that analyzes companies. If you have a corporate position with amazon, I would look for new jobs ASAP. Amazon has lost 3 billion dollars year to date up to 09.30.22. Their long term debt has gone up by alot while their liquid assets has dropped. Amazons leverage ratio isn’t great and their demand in the public is diminishing too. Which is the reason why the stock price has plummet. Amazon is in talks of reducing their corporate staff so if you hold a position with the corporate side, I would start looking so you don’t end up like the people at Robinhood or Carvana.

Monday is my mandatory overtime day but Tuesday is my parents funeral and I’ve already had my bereavement days. If I use 10 hours pto for an 11 hour day will they automatically deduct upt for the difference like they do when I just don’t come in?
when is the last week of overtime in peak this is my first peak season and i just wanna know i wont have to work christmas eve lmao  thanks

Recently started working at a warehouse and my doc just put me in a boot for at least a month because of a bone spur. He gave me a note that basically says “stay off it” What should I do? I’ve only worked a couple of days so I don’t expect FMLA but I just want to keep my job so I can work when I’m out of this thing. Will they make me work with a boot? I haven’t even called in sick yet so im not sure how to move forward. Just call erc? What should I expect?
I need help into going into this termination appeal it was for tot but no written warning was discussed or say of any warning for that matter. 8m not sure the day we had stand down caused this mess or being that or the people who were there were doing audits the higher us maybe said something? I'm very confused. Any and all info pertaining to me case I would be forever grateful for.

So I'm not an employee but I have a son who is, he's autistic with other issues so sometimes he misses things explained to him. He seems to think that there is no way to cancel your shift if you're too sick to come in. Is this true? I just don't want him getting fired.


Will I get paid for these days? When will I see a check from that.
Aside from reporting my uto is there anyone I need to report to if I'm going to miss work? I've worked in retail most of my life and there was always someone you had to call to let them know you were running late or not going to be in or going to leave early. 

I just finished my 3rd shift, and I was supposed to work another shift after. I couldn't stay because I wasn't feeling well and I'm still adjusting my sleep schedule. (So I'd accidentally been awake around 30 hours when I left-not safe-not advisable-took a nap in my car before I drove home) I submitted my uto in the app, but was there anyone else I should have reached out to?

So I’ve been told no Christmas bonus this year for FC employees? Is this company wide or per FC? And when are they suppose to come out?
Some of y’all like to destress in the bathroom some of y’all are leaving your kids in the toilet it’s okay to take a break in the bathroom but please leave your kids in your personal home toilet
My mom and dad both died within a week of one another and I went in today to provide proof of death for both. I already received bereavement for mom and needed it for dad. Instead I have a missed punch for swiping my badge to get in to talk to onsite h.r. and my time card and schedule is still incorrect. I submitted another request via panorama and attached the obituaries and text stating that when I get death certificates I will submit them. Are they going to shitcan me because my parents died?

Hey Amazon Employees,

Based on your experience working with amazon, particularly within the amazon warehouses, what is your solution to improving employee work conditions while still maintaining maximum efficiency for amazon?
When do the warehouse start hiring again after peak. Planing on leaving me current position I have now.
Looking for L/XL coat and beanie will pay reasonable amount, my DSP won’t let us order them

Thank You!
i was fired for idle time causing me to receive write up that my manager never informed me about and was never given a verbal warning from manager before getting fired for this . the reason  is because  i was overstaffed the beginning of my shift waiting to be assigned to a station which caused me to be idle and my manager did not code any of my time. i feel like my manager harassed me out of my job like he tried to do with my co workers but didn’t succeed. Im trying to get a good case together so i can win my appeal any advice ?
Did anyone else get a retro pay check today?
I got fired for breaking rules and policies but i dont know what rules and policies i broke my termination letter just said rules and policies and my hr site said its because i handed in an documents that look like it was altered i told them i handed in the wrong one and my mother in law also told them i had a lot of stuff going on and i emailed them the wrong document i tried to give them the right one but they wouldnt take it i hope i can get my job back cuz i feel they fired me for a mistake that i tried to fix also i never got bad for the 2 days i used my upt and hr is saying i was paid for it
Has anybody worked in customer returns? If so, how do/did you like it? I started today 11-27, but haven’t worked yet. We were in orientation the whole shift
Has anyone started at Amazon as a seasonal employee and became a permanent employee? My son just started about a month ago but he is only seasonal. I am wondering how he can become a permanent position there?
Also, when does seasonal end?


Will it get approved I had. Final test at school i only ent to work for one hour I have no more pto or upt Orr vacation
It finally happened I finally broke down at work crying. T3 in AFE. So much crap that I just kept in finally came out. After missing my break by like 2 hours helping the department run clear the tray sorter due another PA not doing any thing. It’s so bad that leadership calls him useless. My team sucks so bad but day in and day out I’m having to clean up after them. It’s exhausting and tiring to the point that my mental state is no longer healthy. It sucks having an AM who doesn’t know how to fix a dam spoo machine after more than 4 months being there. It’s tiring that it’s always me getting yelled at that things are broken when there literally another PA and AM there that can get yelled at too. But since leadership knows they are useless nothing will get said to them. Tired of always telling the other PA what they doing wrong and how to correct it and then he goes to tell the AM that I’m being “harsh” 

I think I’ve reached my breaking point and am going to quit after 3 years I’m ready to hang up my vest and say goodbye to amazon and it sucks because I really like this job too!
we get a voucher for zappos for new shoes every year right? if so does anyone know what part of the year we will get them?
Yoo lmfao I didn’t know Reddit sent those but it’s good for them to do that for people who actually need it but I don’t

Damn! I had a hellva night! Lol
After accepting an SDE internship is it possible to change the team affected to ? 
Anyone had the same situation before ?
One of my friends that I work with just got suspended for sending inappropriate images on his phone while on the clock. He’s being investigated..However, they haven’t called actually saying he’s terminated. It’s been almost a week. Does this mean he can hopefully get his job back? Does anyone know what he should be expecting?
I am scanning on the lane and getting slammed with boxes, blue light is going on because I am having to water spider for myself and wrap my own pallets and the person on the lane with me is just standing there bullshitting with the PA's and manager while I am busting my ass. Kinda over this place

Anybody else have girls that just wanna start stuff with you for no reason at your site then get mad at you for saying something about it to your friends 😒
Does anybody have experience in robotics picking/stowing vs non robotics picking/stowing on weight loss?
Sooo I've heard you get paid 1.5x while working on holidays. What if you work the night before into the morning of? Like for example this week I'm working Wednesday 5:30pm to Thursday (Thanksgiving Day) 4am. Y'all think they'll give me 1.5x pay for the 4 hours I work on Thanksgiving? 😂 would it matter if I'm a  seasonal employee??

How do we report our time off through the A to Z app for an intermittent leave? They changed everything and I don’t see an option to report it anymore

I’m at AWS. Just heard layoffs are going to continue into 2023, and was just hired in September, so that’s deeply reassuring. 

Anyone else biting their nails, AWS or otherwise? Looking for (and to provide) support to anyone going through the same. 😔

Hi Im doing a Project on Amazons turn over rate, for all employees, there are 2 surveys one multiple choice for all amazon employees and one additional  for t3+ employees with text boxes, both are short if you have anytime to please take these that would be awesome, sorry if this post isnt allowed i couldnt find the rules, thank you! 

[https://freeonlinesurveys.com/s/eyXeFKGd/i/0](https://freeonlinesurveys.com/s/eyXeFKGd/i/0)for all

[https://freeonlinesurveys.com/s/AZhhC8TK/i/0](https://freeonlinesurveys.com/s/AZhhC8TK/i/0)T3+

Can you be rehired if you didn’t leave in good standing? Fired due to my attendance. If so how would you have to wait to reapply?
I am currently 6 months pregnant in stow and I’m now being retrained on the position when I tell them every time that it’s the weight of the items that is the issue and I still get written up for productivity. Im getting super annoyed because I even have the letter from the accommodation department 🤦🏽‍♀️

The company behind the "AmaZen"

https://preview.redd.it/t8v3v0bhno0a1.png?width=1169&format=png&auto=webp&s=18a39cbc4788edd854630a90e4fb13b0c15c84ed


I am hired for seasonal but would like to stay on. Is that possible?
I assumed Amazon had metal detectors and screening when you came inside the warehouses. My wife says they only have that stuff for when you go out. Thus a worked was able to bring a gun into work and tried to shoot someone. Seriously? It's already hard enough working there. Now I have to worry about my wife security because they don't have a way to check if you brought in a gun? Garbage.



I'm a picker, and the job itself is easy, but after an hour I'm bored out of my mind. I work night shift, and have tried breaking up my shift into segments, but my mind still wanders and it drives me crazy. How do you usually cope with your time at work?
Anyone else getting annoyed that Black Friday sales started earlier than ever before? I get you wanna make the sale but gah it still gets frustrating when packages are falling all over the place.
Does creating pallets and closing them increase your rate at all? Because sometimes the Water Spiders are to slow so I stop and box the pallet myself after I close it to get it out of the way so I can continue but it takes time to do that so is it decreasing my rate?
So i have my pre employment drug test next Monday 21 NOV. I have a job over to be an OSMR (Onsite medical reprehensive) Now i know the new policy that amazon has put into place. my question however is i am currently in Texas and i will be relocating to KY (both states where weed is not legal..) If i pop hot is that going to disqualify me? I just need to know if i need to start buying detox stuff. Thank you...I already have signed my job offer and everything... i just really don't want to lose this opportunity.


If tomorrow is my starting day of work for the pay period (Sunday-Wedensday) and I make 166 dollars does that mean I can take out half of that? I have to pay a bill, and need the money I already have the card. What if I work until Monday morning at 4:30 A.M.? My schedule would be 6 p.m. Sunday-Monday morning would it show up when I clock out?
It’ll be my first time working for Amazon. I’m covering the evening shift. Any tips would be appreciated.

I'm required to work at least 4hrs per week.

I picked up a shift for 4hrs this week. But wouldn't be able to make it. I would get 1 point for partial absence if I use some PTO. Would I also get another point for not meeting the minimum 4hrs per week. Or would those 4hr cover the minimum requirement even if I'm not able to make it?
Can you work flex a one warehouse and part time at a different facility


I just started at a Sort Center, and I noticed one person in a vest that said Technician who was working on some equipment.  Thinking of seeing if I can transfer to doing that eventually, because I worked as a mechanic for a long time, and would rather fix things than scan packages.  

Does anyone know anything about that position, or how to get it?

Any other jobs there that aren't scanning or training that I should look into doing?







Hi! I just got accepted for a non-technical Internship Position with Amazon Student Programs. I'm really hoping for a return offer, it would be life changing, but of course I'm not setting my expectations too high either. I will do my best and give it my all. However, I'm curious as to whether or not a return offer would be contingent on me completing the majors that I put down on my application. 

&#x200B;

So on my application I listed that I am double majoring. One of the majors I am already declared in and the other major I'm very close to declaring but it is not official yet. One of the majors I'm really starting to doubt whether it's the right one for me and I'm feeling pretty miserable with it. 

&#x200B;

If I was to receive a return offer, would it be rescinded if I only finished one of the majors I listed on my application? Since it's a non-technical area would my major even be essential to my performance?

&#x200B;

This has been my dream for so long and I'm still in shock over the offer. It's going to completely change my life and I worked so hard for it. I don't want to mess anything up or lower any chances because of a bad choice.
I know it screws someone out of vto if I take it but I had something come up and I need to work that day. Can I still go in and ask if I can work?

I'm starting at a Sort center, and I'm not sure if I can bring a small bag with a drink, snack, and jacket.  I wasn't sure if I have a place to keep it safe and out of the way, or am I constantly mobile, and have no place to set things down.
The last 2 months have been the most stressful months, all because I work here. I am literally bullied by management because I am pregnant. They do not accept doctors notes, you must use your own time to cover it. I am now negative 10+ hours and about to be fired BECAUSE I HAD PREGNANCY APPOINTMENTS!! I have been written up 2 times because I am “too slow” and not being productive enough. I lift 30lb + objects for over 10 hours and they have denied every request (over 5) for me to change departments to an easier position. I literally only stay because of the insurance but I can’t do it anymore. I am in hr every single shift trying to get accommodations approved and they send me away every time. I leave work crying and cramping every single day. I hold another job but they don’t have insurance, I’m just so exhausted. Plus you have to wear awful safety shoes and my $100 insoles don’t make an inch of difference 😭 rant over thanks for reading ): edit: I’m in Ohio
My intitula start date was on the 6th.. I check AtoZ today and now it says December 4th ? It’s a new location so do I still go in on the 6th ? I’m going to go just in case. Why would they push it my start date so far off.
My grandfather passed away yesterday and I was wondering how do I take bereavement leave or if i can even get it being a white badge?
So I’m planning on getting my cdl and using amazon career choice. Once I enroll and amazon pays for it can I dip or will I have to pay it back. Like before completing the cdl class can I just quit. I’m tired of amazon.
If you want free UPT and wanna leave work early on November 8 then go into AtoZ and do the following….

- go to my schedule
- click on November 8
- click on actions
- go to request time off
- click on see more on the bottom
- scroll down and look for voting
- fill it out
I was a Driver Trainer with Amazon Logistics at one of the Ohio Delivery Stations for the last year (been with Amazon for 3 + years altogether). My question is, can I get my job back if I was fired under the Sexual Harassment Policy because I stated that a cartoon character in an old children's show should not have been changed to a gay character? I apparently offended a couple of individuals, an investigation was conducted which concluded in my termination. Correct me if I'm wrong, I thought you had to "do" something to disparage or harm someone in some kind of way that is considered detrimental/demoralizing to an individual sexually for this to be the case. I was shocked and disheartened thinking that this should have resulted in a temporary suspension or something along that line or maybe a write-up... Also, I was told that I would have access to the AtoZ App for 30 days and within minutes of me leaving the building I was kicked out of it so I can't even download my weekly pay statements. Please help me to see if this is something that can be a case to fight but if this is not, I would really appreciate any thoughts on this none the less.
Has anyone ever redeemed discounts for hotels? I’m planning a staycation and would like to get the most out of it. Great wolf lodge offers up to 30% off. It sounds too good to be true, so I imagine the discounts accumulate when you add extras?

I'm coming back from a week long medical leave but there are no shifts on AtoZ. Will I still be able to clock in tonight?

The Amazon  atoz app just notified me that I meet “the basic eligibility requirements for conversion from a seasonal associate to a Blue Badge associate.” Several hours after my 3rd day of training. Is this normal? Is it performance based? Does it depend on the facility how fast you get a blue badge?
Is the new time off for voting feature in atoz paid time?
starting my first overnight shift tonight after a brief battle with covid. feeling nervous about pushing myself too hard but can't afford to not get back to work

And why do you work at Amazon instead of other warehouses?



I'm trying to wrap my head around them and doing research to understand them but it is confusing. Lmao.

What types of allowances are there?

&#x200B;

Edit:

[Thank you for commenting. I failed at put together a table for the time off's so that people like me can understand it better. It was inaccurate so I deleted it](https://www.reddit.com/r/amazonemployees/comments/yhhmp9/guide_amazons_time_off_allowances/)
I’m a seasonal picker. My rate is 300 items per hour. Will they keep me on at this rate as a full time.
They closed some areas earlier this year. Shipping rates and inflation are changing the way people are buying. There are supply chain issues. AMAZON went down 20% in the market last week. Demand will go down after Christmas. I think there will be more work reduction coming up soon. Plan ahead now.
So I started training and finished training a guy trained us was me and another girl.
So she had an piece of paper what to do on a the computer first thing I lost it 😩 I know what to do but don’t wanna mess up can anyone help
What are the odds of going all the way through L4 LP interviews and not getting an incline? I just had my 4 person panel Thursday and I’m still under consideration so far!

Do you need a certain amount of upt in order to take vto? Like if I have 20 minutes of upt will that effect me getting vto?


So I lost my job 2 months ago at a car dealership.  I was making around $65k after being there for a while.  I haven't been able to find a job to replace that income yet, so I applied for the AMZ Sort Center near my house, and start in a week as a PT seasonal.  Is there anything I should know before I get there, and is there any reasonable chance for me to work up to a similar income within a year with hard work?  I'm not opposed to working for Amazon, or working very hard, but I don't want to give 100% to them if it's a waste of time.  I'm motivated to advance, but I'll focus on finding another job if that's the best path


Hey Amazonians,

I have a quick question about Connections: how is it implemented? Is it integrated into SSO so you have to answer the QOTD in order to login to anything requiring SSO authentication? Or is it pushed at you some other way? Asking for a CEO who really wants to implement something similar....
Because usually their job is easier than the workers job.

Sadly life aint fair.
I feel as though having others around you to talk to, and managers who acknowledge you, is what makes a job good.

We have a song request board but the red vests are focused on other things (defo not safety lol)

So I have been with Amazon XL for about 6 months and I vaguely remember hearing somewhere that Amazon will reimburse people if they get a gym membership? Am I making that up or is that something they actually do? I mean yes I get I a good workout every day I work(I work in the sort center) but I want to get in better shape and lose more than the 20lbs I have lost since working there.
after barely finishing my drug test . I was like “ I need to sit down “ then boom …..Literally dropped like a fly . I had donated plasma for the first time earlier and went straight to my new hire appointment with no time to eat . They wanted to call an ambulance. I refused cus who paying that ambulance bill ??? Plus I’m fine . They gave me food / water . Recruiter said she saw me sweating like hell when I walked in  . What a interesting way to start the job 🤣
Typical job structure found in Amazon Fulfillment Centers.

&#x200B;

T1: Hourly

Pickers, stowers, water spiders, sorters

Entry Level. Some people last 3 weeks, some last 5 years.

(Pay increases every 6 months, capped after 3 years)

&#x200B;

T2: Hourly. Skipped.

Apprenticeships and such.

&#x200B;

T3: Hourly

Process Assistant (Assistant manager but with no authority), Trainers, Yard specialists

4 months to 1.5 years to achieve from previous role

&#x200B;

L4: Salaried mostly

Area managers, Operation managers, Learning coordinators

4 months to 1.5 years to achieve from previous role OR Bachelor degree

&#x200B;

L5: Salaried

Site managers, Operations managers, Human resources

6 months to 1.5 years to achieve from previous role

&#x200B;

L6: Salaried

Senior operations managers

6 months to 2.5 years to achieve from previous role

(It would take 4.5 years to go from T1 to L6 according to this)

&#x200B;

L7:

General Managers

3 years to achieve from previous role apparently

&#x200B;

L8:

Directors

2 years to achieve from previous role apparently

&#x200B;

L9: Ignore

Apparently doesn't exist

&#x200B;

L10:

Vice Presidents

&#x200B;

L11:

Executives

&#x200B;

L12:

CEO, Chairman

&#x200B;

\---

&#x200B;

Credit to some AmazonFC reddit posts and [www.warehouse.ninja/guide-to-getting-promoted-at-an-amazon-warehouse](http://www.warehouse.ninja/guide-to-getting-promoted-at-an-amazon-warehouse)

Edited by me

&#x200B;

Good luck to anyone who works at Amazon.

&#x200B;

The Amazon hierarchy is interesting to see.

&#x200B;

If you guys have any more info, feel free to comment. I want to make this a useful resource to anyone who may find it. :)
 Our mission is to pursue creativity intelligence profession and serve the world with comprehensive water purification solution 

 

[https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0987FCQQW?maas=maas\_adg\_2E2CF57C367B9B21B204BB5CDECFAB9A\_afap\_abs&ref\_=aa\_maas&tag=maas](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0987FCQQW?maas=maas_adg_2E2CF57C367B9B21B204BB5CDECFAB9A_afap_abs&ref_=aa_maas&tag=maas)
Hello All,

I need some career suggestion here. I am a Senior DevOps engineer for an Oil and Gas company with 10 years of experience. I have received an offer to join AWS Dublin as an Operation Engineer -2 (L5). I feel the salary offered is really less considering the high COL in Dublin. They have offered 76k base + 13k Joining bonus = 89k EURO Gross for first year, 12k Joining bonus in 2nd year while 32k worth of RSU's. I feel this is really a bad salary with 10 years of experience and not sure if I should decline or look for a better opportunity. Please suggest.

Pretty sure this guy is trying to start a MAGA club.
I've been working at Amazon for 3 months as a full time employee. I haven't had any issues, write ups, or unexcused absences. I recently learned that my brother has a brain tumor and will be getting emergency surgery Thursday 10/27/2022. I spoke with ERC and they offer Emergency PLOA for up to 15 days. I'm grateful for the chance to go be with my family, they're 9 hours away from where I live. My question is; Are there any options for me to get some paid time while I'm away? An LA told me about the crisis line on A to Z. I want to know if anyone else has had a similar emergency ? Can I get paid while I'm gone? I hate to have to think about finances while my brother is in ICU, but unfortunately I still have bills to think about as well. If anyone has advice please help.

As soon as I got done with training, I started to pick up every available extra shift, till I max out on what I can get. I kind of rely on these extra hours. So my question is will extra shifts be somewhat steady? Also will this make me more of an enticing employee to eventually be hired year around?
I’m scheduled to go back today after a 3 week medical leave.  I have really bad tendonitis and have a referral to a hand surgeon.  I just have no desire to go back.  The only reason I stay is the benefits…they are great.    I’m considering either extending my leave or resigning and getting rehired part time.  Sorry to sound like such a baby…..my mental health is struggling along with my physical.
I was hired at a delivery station and I was checking my a to z app and I'm scheduled until January 1 then nothing. Should I  assume imma be let go or there is a chance I can be converted by then

I just had my day one and learned that they did away with the point system but gave us upt. My learning ambassor said we would get 20hrs but only 10 are showing up in my atoz which is correct?

I applied for a flex time position, and didn't realize it doesn't come with any benefits. I really need health insurance for my family. I haven't resigned yet, but am getting calls/emails from HR/supervisor on what I want to do. What are the pros/cons of resigning vs getting terminated? I don't think I would work for amazon again, so re-hire eligibility isn't a concern for me.
Had a phone interview with the hiring manager now I’m being sent for a POD interview next week any advice?
Things have evidently changed since the last time I was summoned and able to appear. 

Back then, everyone was brought in and made aware of what the case entailed. From there the judge asked questions regarding whether or not you’d done this or that in your life along with your stance on certain topics. Anyway, I ended up being dismissed early on. 

I was summoned again, a few years ago, but was able to claim hardship. 

Recently, I was summoned and the judge requested for us to put ourselves into certain groups. Due to the group I put myself into I was asked to appear the following day for questioning. I was then asked to fill out a questionnaire and appear again this upcoming Monday for jury selection. Does anyone have experience with this? What happens from here?

ETA- I wasn’t sure where else to ask this question and am seeking insight on the process from those of you who have been through it. Reading the policy on my atoz app is somewhat confusing. I submitted time off for jury duty, but they deducted UPT. It did state that I’d need to provide proof, but I can’t find where I need to upload the confirmation. Can anyone help?

So who can I contact about shift posting cause they're hardly posting any. Like today they only posted 3 in total for Friday & Saturday ( 2 for Friday & 1 for Saturday). Plus gold status isn't really helping at.
Does anyone know how to get amazon to forcibly put you on the flex schedule without having to reapply altogether?

I've heard about some loopholes or whatever to try but I don't know if they're just wasting my time or if I can actually save my job here.

&#x200B;

The context here is that I want to get a second job, but it has a conflicting schedule to the one I work for amazon and there's no HiTs available at the time of posting. So, I'm not sure if it's possible that I can keep amazon and the other job in order to make more income.

Hey guys I was hired as a seasonal employee for Amazon fresh around February of 2022. I checked my A to Z app and it says that I was rehired in July and it also says Direct associate next to my name now when it used to say seasonal does this mean they converted me to a blue badge?
Hey guys, just wanted to ask why Amazon Workforce seems so inconsistent.
I would look up the nearest Amazon to work at and it would show 2 or 3 results but if I refresh for 5 minutes straight, some results will go away and some will comeback.

I've submitted applications to two before and by the time I was done applying it would say something similar to, no available schedules to apply for

Any help would be appreciated, thank you
Situation I was working for probation when an employee’s water broke I had to step in and do a pre-sentence investigation for a career criminal convicted of an armed robbery. Task investigating a career criminal that includes his mental and physical health his employment and criminal history. Action I conducted an interview where I led him to the answers I wanted and the way I needed them worded I controlled the interview to the best of my ability. Result I was able to step complete an honest pre- sentence investigation and took a dangerous career criminal off the street based off my pre-sentence investigation interview.

Situation I was working security at Kalahari Americas largest indoor waterpark when I had 3 crying kids come up to me saying they lost their family. Task I had to navigate a resort with 890 rooms 173,000 sq. ft indoor waterpark 200,000 sq. ft convention center a zoo a 60,000 sq. ft out door water park question is how to do this while trying to calm the kids down ensuring that they will be okay. Action I ensured the kids everything would be okay took them to the front lobby where I could calm them down and got a description of their parents. Result I was able to look up their room number and thought on my feet avoid walking the entire hotel. I found their parents number in our resort system called them an arranged a meeting place. After assuring the parents were fit to take the kids I released them outside the water park to their parents where they were all happy and excited again.
LP phone interview Tuesday any advice?

Does 7:30-6:30 seems like it goes faster than 11:30-10 at Amazon?
Best freaking reply to one of our NUPT emails that I’ve see this far. I wish I could reply how I really talk and let this person know that they are not alone in this feeling. Anyone else agree??

Has anyone been rehired at Amazon after leaving the first time without a notice?
Is there something better I can find maybe pot industry? Something better paying from work experience I have?

UPDATE: the recruiter was given a “heads up” of what may pose an issue on the background check, and ended up just ghosting said potential employee, even after he was told he got the job. No “yea that’s not gonna work” no” well let’s run your background and see what comes up” just got completely ignored. 



Just in case you don’t understand, the felony is non convicted. So there’s no conviction on record. But it’s there. And it’s a felony. And comes up as “active” instead of “completed” or “guilty” and this person got past the interview process and got the job but was curious if this would stop said person from starting the job once the background check comes back. Anyone have experience with this? Thanks in advance
does anyone know how long the TSA background check takes?
i worked at Air back in 2020 but had the run around because TSA couldn't prove my citizenship, eventually it got fixed. But now i'm scared it'll happen again and delay my start date again especially because last time TSA sent over letters to an address i no longer live at

Hi,

So I have an upcoming Amazon RP Business Unit interview and am nervous about it.

What questions should I prepare for? Anything to emphasize in my answers?

How was the excel case and how should I prepare for it?

Any questions I should ask my interviewers?
I’ve got a phone interview for a LP position what to expect the HR manager is extremely cool just said the phone interview is only a few questions and if you pass that you get a POD.


**Excel Exercise**: Please note, one of your interviews will assess a technical Excel case exercise, where we will provide you with a data set and situation and you will be asked to do an analysis of the situation provided. You will then talk with one of your interviewers about how you chose to solve the problem and what you would do given more time.

anyone who has interviewed for the amazon bu finance fte position-how/what was the excel exercise and how did you prepare for it? what functions are involved?
It’s because of HR. I’ve never worked at a place where I’ve had so many things go wrong, whether it was payroll, punch times, or those stupid attendance points. I was calling them all the time to fix these things. They were always rude and talked to me like I was stupid except for literally one time and that call was over in 3 minutes. See what happens when you’re not hostile with every caller? You’re actually way more efficient that way.

I would just be chilling at home where I would get a notification saying I missed a whole shift or I clocked in late when I didn’t. It got to the point where I would almost be in tears, not only cause I would have to call ERC again, but because I had settled for getting the best I can get out of them rather than getting every single issue fixed. When you call them about more than one thing, they shut down mentally and can’t handle it. It’s insane how confused they always get when you try to get multiple things fixed in one call.

It finally came down to them ending my medical leave without telling me right after sending me an email saying I can’t come back until my doctor fills out a specific form. And then of course being told something completely different about what was expected of me in terms of providing documentation every time I called. I missed days of work cause they did this and I don’t even care anymore. So long worst company ever.

can someone pls explain how it works in simple terms ? also will i have to owe the IRS when tax season comes for having stock?
I used to hold a corporate role in the UK. I left my job it’s been around two months but my new job is not what it seemed. Is it possible to go back to my old job ? And would I be on the same salary or will the salary change. The role haven’t been filled yet and but level they are recruiting for my old role is higher.
Anyone have this job?

&#x200B;

What's it like?  Day to day okay?  What's pay?

&#x200B;

<3
how long does it take for money to show up in the 401k?
So with the early start to MET I am considering just sleeping in my car at the Fulfillment center. 

The 60 hour week with a 2+ hour commute is exhausting, from previous experience. I’m trying to preplan so I think I’m just going to sleep in my car and use my Y membership to swim laps and shower before and after work as needed at the branch closest to my sight. 

No affordable housing in the area, no airBnB places nearby, no campsites, reasonable hotels, etc. so I’m not sure what choice I have. 

The only issue is my sleep apnea and figuring out a way to run my cpap machine in my car. 

I mean what can they do when we are expected to work so many hours?

Anyone else considered this?
My boyfriend and I both started at Amazon 3 weeks ago. We were scheduled different MET days but put in for a change during our Day 1 and they said it should be approved by the end of the week. Well we’ve checked back every week since and finally got scheduled our MET. Still different days. We only have one vehicle. I was able to pick up a shift in his MET day but in the 4 hours since I’ve done that, my MET day was added. I wouldn’t have know this if I wasn’t checking to make sure that I picked up the shift. Do they often add shifts less than 48 hours before the start time? And does it ever notify you? I have all my notifications on and never received anything about an added shift…
Rant over, now to try to be a happy person for my shift
Also do they only offer it for certain ones or we can use it for what ever program we want?
Does anyone know if Amazon's dental plan covers dentures? I didn't see it while scrolling through reading about options... 

Thanks 🙏
 Talked with a recruiter. Took a test. Passed. And was told amazon hr said i am not eligible.  Im a 3y bluebadge,  i didnt get any write ups until august in row for a unlucky encounters with a safety commitee without gloves. ( it was hot in cap and i had a migraine needed to cool down while not getting tot)  i was also stuck in a LOA from covid status as well during the time i applied and took the test. Not sure if it also was one of the factors preventing me.  HR doesn’t really know much because its 3p so they werent helpful.
Can someone give me insight on the phone screen process what to expect? I’m on the TOM TEAM currently and I’m trying to get off it and do this role. What IT concepts should I be aware with that they work with?
Wish me luck i dont know what to expect i am kind of nervous but here i goooo !!


Hi! I recently started working at the fulfillment center in ABQ, I do stow sadly and to kill time I listen to podcasts or music, any suggestions on podcasts or any music playlists anyone’s willing to share??
&#x200B;

Hello folks. Does anyone know the details of how to calculate product review scores on amz through reviews, sometimes I calculate the product is 4.5 stars but now it's 4.4 stars on the store? this got me wondering about the rating system.

Hey all. I applied as a program manager. I did not expect the online assessment during the application process. Yikes! I wish I knew about it beforehand and was able to prepare a bit, but what's done is done. I hope my resume and assessment are good enough to land me an interview.

Anyway, I've been watching a lot of interview prep videos on YouTube and I'm feeling overwhelmed. I was definitely a capable Program Manager at my last job (5 years), but I wasn't exactly a stellar superhero employee. I did my work, had a few ideas, execute some improvements... typical stuff. But nothing that had a really big impact. I could be underestimating my accomplishments, but I don't feel like I had the kind of impact that Amazon is looking for.

Did anyone feel like this before getting hired? How has your perception changed after getting hired? I guess I'm having a battle with imposter syndrome, which is kind of typical of me whenever I jump into something new. 
Hey everyone! I currently work at MDW5, I really do like it there (management makes such a difference.) My question is what other great warehouses are there? I do eventually want to move out of IL (I hate it here lol) and I want to transfer to somewhere that has good management. Sort center is preferred!
how long does peak usually last? wondering if it’s possible to switch to a flex shift afterwards since weather will be bad and i live farther
I just completed my second week from being rehired and I noticed my base pay has already increased… was this a company wide thing, was I started at the wrong rate, or is this something different?


When is the raise supposed to become effective, Oct 1,2,3...? Our base hourly pay updated on atoz? Thanks!
Why is it like I can’t reapply to my old fulfillment center? They’ve been posting jobs every other weekend and Im not even able to get the texts to select a shift. Somebody help 😩





Can't get anyone to confirm if my recruiter is real or if this is scam.  The emails are written like a 5th grader.  the grammar is fine but it's clearly not a very professional email.  The linkedin has 4 connections and no picture or posts.  And they don't respond to email at all.  The email is a legit amazon email.  Can someone look this person up and just confirm they are actually an employee of amazon.  

&#x200B;

**Brookelynn Krouse**

or **Brookelynn Krouse-Bell**

i remember seeing something about the new way we would receive our time off will we still get 20 hrs upt on Oct 1st?

A job is posted at $16.50/hr with a +$2/hr premium pay for any shift beginning after 7pm. The schedule is for 4 shifts, all beginning after 7pm for a total of 16 hours per week. However, once the actual job offer comes in for signature, it states the pay is $16.50/hr with $0.00 differential pay. 

Can anyone explain why this is?  Do they only apply premium pay for full time employees?
I ask because I have a 4 digit badge ID and everybody else I've seen have like 7 digits or more. Even when I did Ambassador for a year and I had to manually input peoples numbers into my tablet, I never encountered one as low as mine.

Possibly related: I've also been doing the Amazon Affiliate Program since 2005. I know in my control panel it calls us 'Amazon Associates' and has a graphic for it and everything. Is it possible that signing up for this 17 years ago put me in the system as an employee and when I went to work at an FC 3 years ago that it pulled my info?
I just got hired by Amazon but don’t have my day 1 till Thursday. I’m curious what my job will be the job code I applied for was “0000004038” on the 7am-5:30pm & the mydocs it says  1299030.. can anyone help me & tell me what department I might be in??
Planning to go to trade school to learn welding, does Amazon pay for school ?
I (22f) was given a final for talking to someone about a closed case they made months ago. It wasn’t a planned interaction I was just answering to assist whoever redlighted and it ended up being someone who made a case against me in June, her and two of her friends made really weird cases against me suspiciously at the same time in June, each case was investigated and thrown out but I ended up asking her about it in august because I was still really confused about her claim, she said that I was giving favoritism towards ambassadors in June. For some context we are both ambassadors in learning and tier ones, so I was really confused why she felt this way as I’m in the same position as her and not in a place to be giving favoritism as I’m not in any authority. After I assisted her getting her supplies after she redlighted I asked her about it because I was seeking to understand why she felt I was bestowing favoritism as I am trying to promote in learning and I wanted to understand what I did wrong as to avoid this when I am actually aw in a position of authority. Hr had never said that closed cases couldn’t be discussed and never given me direction after the case closed on how to conduct myself or told me that I couldn’t interact with her, nor had HR given my management or leadership directions to keep up apart as to avoid interaction. HR also is partly responsible because they told me who made the cases against me. She said that I confronted her and lied in her statement saying I was rude discourteous and did not assist her and I have an appeals meeting in two days. Am I in the wrong here? I didn’t know I was doing anything wrong. Do I deserve a final?
My tentative start date was October 2nd. I received and email saying the first day was full but there are no other options to choose. Does Amazon actually post more jobs over the weekend? I’ve called candidate support and they told me to just keep looking constantly. Does anyone have any experience with this?

After termination what  Happens to my 401K ?? If I want to apply back im 90 days will they see on the Computers when I got fired or it all erases and I start again as a new employee o
Is it worth doing an appeal after termination if I was on my Last Write up for being on my phone ?? Even though there was other individual on their phone and they didn’t get told nothing . At that warehouse I was there was a lot of pick and choose lots of favoritism . Theres people with headphones and they don’t get told nothing , learning ambassadors who on their phone and DONT get get told nothing . It should be a fair policy not pick and choose who they want the policy to apply Too. The only reason I was on my phone was because I was putting upt and I wasn’t in an area where there was a green mile or I could’ve caused and accident . The hr Lady highly suggested I make an appeal but idk any suggestions?


Hey guys, I could use some advice on what to do right now. I recently became a PA and have been working at launch site for a few months now. However the site is about 60 miles from my home. There are a couple of sites near me but since they axed the Yard Marshals, they’re over staffed on T3s. I was wondering if I can put in a hardship transfer through HR or contact ERC and speak about travel accommodations. Do any of you have suggestions?

I'm actively looking for other jobs, but in the meantime, my 10 hour shift feels like it's 2 weeks long, and I'll never be able to leave. How do you long term employees get out of your head to make the day go faster? Thinking about it only being 2.5 hours until the next break isn't doing it anymore. I feel like I'm in Hell.
Hey all, another silly question. I have my new hire appointment tomorrow and in the new hire video it says I’ll get my badge picture taken at the appointment but in the checklist for the pre-hire appointment it says to upload a photo. Is the photo I’m uploading going to be used as my badge photo instead? I’d rather use a photo they take for me instead of stressing trying to take a decent headshot of myself, but I don’t want to not complete the checklist.

I had put in a transfer for different department and it got accepted aug 28th for count/icqa, so I’ve been working in that department until they tell me one day I need to go to pick (original department) so I was confused and told them about the transfer and manager told me I was still under pick 🤔, went to hr and they said they would change it and still haven’t and told me to just put accommodation if I can’t pick
So just had a miscarriage recently I have the 3 days off that’s paid, trying to figure how could I put additional days on there without creating a whole new one. And I know for additional days I need documentation which I have to show them.


Hey All,

  So I have put in several applications with Amazon.  Almost all of them are in the Application Submitted stage and have been there for months.  I assume this to mean that my application/resume did not trigger enough flags in the ATS for it to get put under review by a real live person.  However I have a few applications which show under consideration.  While under consideration seems like a simple thing to understand I am wanting to know what it really means in amazonian.  I read some articles but they say every applicant goes to under consideration which clearly is not true as I hav applications that have been in submitted status for more then 6 months and have never gone to under consideration.
Anyone hear anything about Amazon shutting done CDL school?

What if they offer VTO in my app for gift wrap section but that’s not a section I normally work in?  Can’t take it right?


So somebody from my facility keeps harassing me, calling, texting, etc. What can i do about this?, I also recorded a phone call
So I am trying to see if I can get a job at the Kennewick WA contact center.  I applied was immediately declined because I do not live within 50 miles.  I intend to move to Kennewick if I can get the job but would obviously like to have a job before I sign a lease which means no local address until I get the job.  Now I can't even reapply with the address of the place I intend to lease at because it says I already applied.  I tried chat but the people in India I don't think understood what I was trying to explain because they kept telling me I lived outside of the 50 miles and if I wanted to apply to jobs within 50 miles of my current location.  Obviously I don't since I am moving which means I won't be within 50 miles of where I am now.  

&#x200B;

Anyway I can't seem to find a way to connect with any Amazon HR people related to this role and was hoping there might be some lurking in this sub that could help.

Currently a CS Associate. Two years from now I'll have a bachelor's in engineering following which I wanna apply for an international transfer. I'm good in my current role, plus on track to be a valedictorian with a few courses and projects on the side. Long story short, I'd like to move to Australia or another country while still being associated with Amazon- perhaps in a tech role. Has anyone yet applied for these transfers? Anything else I should be excelling at to make things easier for me? I checked out our internal postings and there are quite a few opportunities. TIA!
I am just curious to talk to any people who had a 6 month or more contract with Amazon.
So im a picker and sometimes there is issues with the station im at and i create an andon but no one comes for like 10 minutes. Should i just stay waiting or should i find a manager
Hi I was wondering about Amazons hiring process. I have been saving to move out of state and need to get a job lined up to get approval for a mortgage. Will amazon hire me from across the country and send me a job offer letter? Do they do interviews over the phone, or would I be able to interview where I live but be applying to another location? I just wanted to see if anyone has any experience or insight so I'm not wasting my time. Thanks

So long story short I absolutely cannot stand Picking so I transferred out to Pack about 3 months ago. About a month or 2 ago pick started staffing me again even if I’d be staffed already and literally in the middle of working at a pack station. The PA’s & Mangers offer no help and I don’t expect them to have sympathy but come on.. I’ve let countless people know that I am uncomfortable picking but they all just joke about it like it’s funny, “Oh once pick has you they have you for life” 
I guess what I’m asking here is, is this reportable to someone/somewhere? I feel like I’m the only one who gets chosen from pack to have to go to pick, personally it almost feels like they do it on purpose and then act innocent when they talk to me. 
This last shift got to me because I got kicked off my station in pac, went to the PA to see what was up and she tells me pick staffed me so I have to go upstairs and get unstaffed, so I do but when I come back down she’s now telling me they’re overstaffed and I have to go back to pick, went back to pick and now THEY were overstaffed so I had to count. It just makes the nights so much harder to get through having to deal with stuff like this on a regular, so if anybody has some advice on what to do please share.
Thank you.
Shifts are supposed to drop at 12pm. Yesterday they didn’t send an email or anything and apparently they dropped around 1:30. Anyone have an answer as to why? Was it an error on their part?
I’ve been at Amazon for 4 months. 15 YOE as program manager L6 in marketing. I came over at basically the same money, which isn’t a big deal to me. I am super excited to be at Amazon. Right now I am working on low level tactical tasks, that's all I do. Receive SIMs, process and close out - that's it, sitting in a closet by myself, no collaboration or brain storming. I've tried talking to my mgr and group leader (both L7s) a couple times each. I get the "there's a lot going on right now but you are doing great and we're so glad you're here with your great experience blah blah". I don't even know if they are really working on anything challenging either, other than urgent tactics. I knew coming in the role and group were still forming, it's a 3 year old transformation team. I do receive a lot of positive reinforcement even though I feel I’m not adding much value, at least not nearly as much as I could or thought I would.

I finally looked at internal jobs. Found an extraordinary L7 job doing exactly what I've done in the past and I could get really excited about. I feel guilty because I do love the team. What should I do? I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings. I could reach out to the hiring mgr just for a convo. Or should I bite my tongue, stay in the role for a while, hunker down, then go for another role later? Every day my brain feels like it’s dying on the vine from no use. I’m used to high thinking, high output roles, with exposure and visibility at 2 other F500s. Thanks!

Can anyone tell me if this is a minimum or maximum for the hours?



So please if you are slide in to my PM, would really mean a lot 🙌🏻
My 3 missing Amazon checks finally came in the mail. They're all beyond the 180 day mark. How long would it take to receive those funds through direct deposit?

I've already spoken to a few customer service geniuses, they all said different things.

Thanks.
I just transferred to full time but haven’t been able to fix my sleep schedule. Nobody has explained attendance to me so I assumed it was the same as part time and that I could miss the last two days and just get points. 

I’ve only met my new manager once and im just thinking she’s gotta be pissed.

I left seven hours early my first day at the new station and haven’t been back though I did apply for medical leave today in a moment of panic. I honestly wished I worked the shifts, I’m just an idiot when I’ve woken up with no sleep. 

Should I go through with the medical leave thing even though it’s incredibly transparent? Or should I just find another job at this point?
So Before we start yes I'm not using punctuation I am using speech to text new text to write this get over it



So I've been on A combination between What started off as workman's comp  and evolved into a medical accommodations which evolved into medical leave because of my job which is Amazon Going on now I believe 18 monthsI got injured last may at my job at my job which according to them there was no cameras there even though I was right up front anyone who works for Amazon know this that there are cameras there are multiples so that's what I'm doing with right now

So now that you're caught up on a summary here's all the b******* that they have pulled

When I 1st got injured I was told not to go to the hospital I did anyway this was after filling out their paper for an incident at workWhich magically will be asked for that document in court they can't find it so that's fun

When I went to the workman's comp group which is called at work so if I bring them up this is what they're called at what they're called I went to them from May until August of last yearMind you I had a knee injury and they basically just poke my knees and this is your accommodations here's an Ace bandage so it doesn't happen again I'm not jokingThey also said that they would approve me for physical therapy that did not get done until August by my doctor

I've been in therapy for now a year and there's been next no changes and I was getting at least a little bit better at the very least not worse worse until last month when they decided that they would not allow my accommodations anymore not my doctor Amazon so I was forced to return the work with the yellow accommodations and they're doing it to me again this time because my doctor is a moron

I tried seeing orthopedics which is someone who I've seen before to get them to look at my knee because I was gave them war as after I was forced to return the work without accommodations and I was told basically go back to your regular doctor even though there the bone doctors

When I went and saw my doctor I was told yeah no it's been 18 months I can't continue our accommodations despite the fact that I'm not any better than I was a year and a 1/2 agoAnd all this is because there's not enough proof because they haven't done enough medical tests meanwhile I was pregnant for 9 months and we couldn't do anything until my kid came out because x-rays and MRI is and everything like that

Amazon has been deleting my paperwork that I have submitted to them now for the 5th time and have threatened to fire me for the 5th time while I'm medical leave 3 of which were wow I was pregnantSo that was a fun thing with deal with

I'm now in physical therapy not only for my knees my hip my back basically just named something and I'm in there before almost sadly not even joking

My back doctor is setting me for an mri of my back and see what's going on because it couldn't find anything on the X-rayShe did know that I definitely seemed worse after going to work so she allowed me to have a little bit of accommodation set least continue on until I saw my doctor which they wouldn't accept because it wasn't on the right paperwork paperwork because it has to say Amazon on the paperworkAnd you have to request that from them that takes 2 weeks

They also to encourage me to return me to work they gave me 280 points saying that if I didn't come in they would fire me that's about 2 months worth of points and we looked it up and I had no schedule days that week any of those weeks except the week they were talking to me

Now they're saying that no no see here it's unpaid time off we have the screenshots that set it as points we've already sent those  To the lawyer

Remind you of my doctor saying that there's nothing wrong with me meanwhile meanwhile my knee is still giving out I'm losing feeling on my left leg from my hip into below my knee cellular standardment thankfully but I mean thankfully but I'll just lose feeling randomly 

Sometimes I can't pick up my son who just hit 18 poundsI can barely clean the house if it wasn't for my siblings my house would be an absoluteDisaster I can't carry my son out from my house to my car I have trouble going up my stairs I can't cook can't do the dishes she's because if I do I'm down for days down for days but there's nothing wrong with me

I just really needed the rant about all this because this is just ridiculous

I seen several articles and news outlets saying in September 2022, amazon will increase starting pay. Do y’all think it’s true? My pay is currently $15.50 at a sortation warehouse

Is there a different company I can work with and better opportunities with the experience I have? 

There is also another skillset I have for User Interface Design I have a portfolio. I applied to Amazon for those jobs and they turned me down no reason. I thought the company promoted from within

Hello everyone, so i reapplied on amazon a month ago and i was told i was getting a bonus of 3000, 1000 after 30 days and 2000 after 90, i still haven’t received it, did i heard wrong? Was it 60 days? Help me understand pls
Is it possible to transfer from this job to an FC??? Or not? Also is this job worth it? Easier than FC?
This is kind of weird but do you guys have super shitty air quality inside your FC.?  My skin literally feels sticky by the time I get done with my shift, and my arms and chest have been breaking out pretty bad. My face itches at work too. 
I'm active and I've been a long time removed from breaking out after a workout or physical activity, but as soon as I start working at Amazon... A week of sweaty shifts and I'm breaking out like a teenager.. anyone else?
I know it’s kind of a dumb question but lets say i have about 19 hours of UPT and i decide to take the day off tomorrow as well as another day. Would i have to tell HR? Or does it automatically deduct the upt? Was asking cause i know it’ll pop up red on my schedule and just wanted to avoid any warnings or so from hr since i havent taken a day off yet. Thanks!
So, this is my first week at Amazon I am completing my 6th day of work - and I absolutely love it. Looking forward to my day off!!! Lol 

I am trying to sign up for benefits and have been trying to do so since my first day. Everytime I click "benefits" on the A to Z app I get the "Oops! Something went wrong" error message. I now have about 21 days to sign up for my benefits and the clock is ticking here ...
How do you do feel lazy bums? Every shift i do there’s at least two or three people who don’t know shit. Like it makes me not want to work as hard. 😭
So tomorrow is my First Day at Amazon FC I have the Donut Shift I guess? That’s what I’ve heard people call it, 6:30am-5pm Saturday-Tuesday. 
What is the first day like, is it all Training or do they show you like 1 thing and throw you on it? 
I have absolutely no idea what to expect and would love some feedback if possible!
External hire. With some management experience and an MBA, and in NY state (but not NYC), what can I expect to see offered, and how far beyond that is reasonable to ask? I’ve looked up plenty of info, but I’m not sure how relevant the numbers I’ve seen are (old info)/how they align with my background/location/etc.

Base compensation is listed as $61400 to $100000 depending on geographic market; but I can’t find details on the markets/regional pay bands. Being NY, can I expect it to be toward the higher end of the scale? Of course $100k base with a nice bonus/RSU situation on top would obviously be ideal given this, but I’d be content with $85k or so. Any more current info?
I’m looking to possibly transfer to an fc or a sort center in Murfreesboro. I’m wondering if there’s any overtime year round at any of the sites there.
Can anyone give me some insight?
Also whats the starting pay looking like down there? I’ve been with Amazon 2 1/2 years.
Just trying to confirm what I’m seeing on atoz. I thought we only got UPT for the hours we actually worked.

EDIT: Thanks for confirming, I appreciate ya’ll. 
Im not trying to boot lick this company but when I think of all the other jobs out there that I applied to (fast-food, retail, other warehouses) and I compare that to the menial tasks you do at Amazon, I realize working here isn’t all that bad, but it’s not the end all for me because I know I have to do better. Other labor intensive job aren’t as easy as Amazon for the pay and guaranteed hours you get and you don’t have to deal with customers. 

Plus I can come in wearing comfort clothes and all other jobs have uniforms or a stricter dress code than Amazon.

The time off options are also insane when think about it. VTO is just like any other job where they tell you “hey wanna go home early” but the amount of VTO you get during off season is crazy (depending on what FC ur at) and can be too detrimental if you take it too much (learned this the hard way). No other jobs I know allows you to call off work frequently 

Leave of Absences being heavily automated through DLS rather than your own FC makes the LOA process a lot easier. I have body problems often with my foot and knee and took many LOA in the past few months with doctor notes. The amount of LOA I’ve taken to take care of myself prob would’ve gotten me fired from other jobs for calling off work constantly but DLS just removes the day you want off from your schedule and Amazon doesn’t seem to mind as long as you come back. 

I’m still a hard worker and just worked a full week of Peak and continuing thanks to me conditioning my body better, but I’m just pointing out how lenient Amazon is with their leave options and the work is easy but mundane
It’s as it says in the title. Is Amazon gaslighting me back into working for them or what?
Everyone panic!
I’m not eligible for rehire at Amazon (not even seasonal) the first time I worked for Amazon I didn’t realize you had to check email regularly incase something happened, I took vto 2 days in a row and all was fine then my apps stopped working and my supervisor had me clock in manually so at lunch I went and talked to HR about my app and they said I was terminated because of negative upt so while I was waiting in the car for my bf to get off (my bf worked there with me) I realized that my vto didn’t go through even tho it told me it did, I sent proof of screenshots of me accepting it to corporate where they said it was to late and just to reapply in 3 months well 2 years later I reapplied for a fullfilment center again and on my first day I realized it was a distribution center, I worked there for a couple months until I was fired because I wasn’t meeting my rate of checking items into the system (the rate varies from day to day sometimes it’s 500 items a hour and some days it’s 300) but the reason I wasn’t making rate was because there was no boxes coming down the conveyer and I told my supervisor that and he didn’t log it, so I had a rate of 20-30 hour because that’s all that came down the conveyor to me (not to mention there 15 other people grabbing these boxes ahead of me so I get what they don’t want) and I went to reapply for a fullfilment job AGAIN (been 6 months) and it won’t let me re-apply and I asked support why and they said they can’t disclose the information yet and they don’t know if I’ll ever be able to reapply for Amazon, this is stupid asf none of these were my fault and to add they moved me from prep and receive that night to bubble wrap because their wasn’t enough coming down the line to keep rate, so why let me ruin my rate then move me to bubble wrap and not log that there wasn’t enough coming down the line to keep rate? (I’m usually good at keeping rate sometimes I don’t make it by like 50 items but people “cherry pick” the boxed cause some boxes will have 500 Apple Watch bands and some will have 3 big boxed toys and people always grab the box with the most items so they can hit rate and leave me with the shitty boxes) anybody have this issue? How long until I can reapply? 😭

finished my first week and not much to complain about yet. still figuring out everything, hopefully things will go smoothly the rest of the month. i‘m just nervous ill mess up something. this job is my lifeline right now. anyone who does the same job would be willing to share some tips and or advice so i can get the hang of it. thanks
any customer service associate out there? Any tips on getting hired / moving out from an FC
Currently t1, but I got a bachelor degree and thought if managers at my building can do it so can I. I applied for entry level area manager and got an interview next week. I'm studying leadership principals and looking up possible questions to answer in star format. I just wanna know if it is likely to get hired as long as I perform well in interview.
Who here has a side job to go along with your full-time Amazon job? And what exactly is the nature of your other job? I'm interested in finding some part-time work that will compliment well with my Amazon work schedule (9pm-6:30am, Thurs-Sun). Thanks.
Quick question, I work at the amazon warehouse and I work three days, (Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday) and the compensation is 19.25/hr. However, I have been getting paid about 160$ the entire week recently. I have a wisely card, and that’s what i’ve been seeing in the pending transaction? I know everyone else gets paid more, So I’m just a little confused.
This is my first week here at my TNS fulfillment center! I work in stow as a PIT operator, Sun - Wed 5:15pm-4:00am. I actually picked up Thursday and Friday this week they are 8hr shifts. 

I just went to grab a soda from the break room and heard some lady talking about more MET being silly because there's no work. It worried me a little bit and made me think about when peak ends. Financially to make ends meet I'll need to work an extra 10hr shift here every week I'm here because my previous job of over 2 years has laid me off out of nowhere. Will I really not be able to get overtime after peak?
I work at a SC, and for a while I felt like this red vest didn’t like me. Well tonight he made it clear he doesn’t like me because I’m white. Mid sort he began offering vto to all the black sorters. I was nearby sorting an asked for vto. He said “nah I’m not offering”. Then three black female associates (2 waterspider, 1 pick off) came and told him “you better scan my badge” and he did. Those are two of our shortest rolls on this sort. So I proceeded to shove my badge in his face and say “I’m sort, I’ll take vto”. Only then did he reluctantly (looking around for others to scan (to fulfill the vto allowance) scan my badge.

How do I approach this without facing repercussions?

So I’ve been an employee for years but this is my first surge pay shift I’ve worked tonight. Some coworkers have told me that the extra $10/hr will come to just an extra $30 for this shift. I was under the impression that it would come to about $39/hr because I make 19.40+time and a half (1.5)+ 10. Can someone clear this up for me please?
I work at Amazon In NJ Last Thursday( a week from today) i was picking on reach truck and i went to go pick an item and when i went to retract forks realized i saw the pallet then move so i decided to stop i hopped off the pit and observed the pallet and it was broken and only wrapped along the packages not to the pallet i had tried to radio my manager but the radio did not work im a flex associate and  most full times co workers were on break i called over my co worker to use his radio 5 minutes later my manager comes keep in mind  the pallet & packages are still in the rack 5 minutes later a new safety associate comes over and directs me to just back up instead of calling for an op for an assist as i did that the pallet falls but the packages remain on forks un damaged after i get about halfway with the packages then they fall she then removes me from pit and drug tests me My test later comes back with Thc in my system i spoke to head of safety and site leads about the situation and they said the call out was for damage to the product not me being under the influence and that she isn’t promising i am good but saying i should be. am i fault even tho i took the right precaution ? should i resign because i cant come back ever if they terminate me for this or just wait it out i haven’t been suspended and worked this week
got back from break literally one minute late and they scanned my badge
Got an email from amazon to set up my alumni a to z account stuff, I had an account before under the same email and when i try to set it up it keeps sending a verification code to an old number i no longer have accesss to. every time i try to call hr live support for help i get sent to some "specialty team" that says they fixed it but every time i log in it still sends a code to that old number. I cant do any of my pre hire stuff without my account and its really annoying me. How do i fix this?
Hi guys. I started at a delivery station 3 weeks ago, I am a full time regular hourly associate. I’d like to use my skills going forward with Amazon, I’ve been with Best Buy for the past 6 years, the most recent 3 I worked for the Geeksquad performing in home services. Including Audio video installation and troubleshooting, as well as PC/laptops/printers/routers/smart home devices installation and troubleshooting. I am a junior at a 4 year university, my major is in cyber systems technology. How can I bring this up to my managers on site? Or should I just keep an eye out for any IT jobs within Amazon’s website. I’d appreciate any tips on where to go or who to talk to. Thanks
Im interested in OpsTech IT department. Im currently an AA In Inbound stow. What are the requirements to apply? What skills desired/ what skills will i gain? 

Credentials: 
- Bachelors in Information Systems
- Comptia A+ certification 1101/1102
- Google IT support certification
I'm currently a l1 at a driver station 2 years 7 months. Starting CDL classes next month. What do schedules and paychecks look like?
"Those" PAs when you sit on the ladder in the middle of your 12 hour shift (Its a saftey risk)
For those fast individuals who finish their routes before 5-6pm how do you do it? Do you run back and forth or have some secret organization system or do you just get small routes? I only drive uhaul and I start delivering 12:30-12:45 and can average 25 stops an hour residential, 10-15 rural and small hiccups combined with the time it takes to unpack and organize totes/overflow I can’t imagine getting done before 7! I’m one month into delivering and currently we get paid by the hour until peak is over but when it it and my dsp goes back to 10hrs even if you finish early I want to get done early. How?
I'd honestly love something to do lol
I worked at amazon a year ago & back then i worked in ship dock as a jam clearer & eventually did amnesty & i really enjoyed both since i didn’t have to worry about hitting a rate or tot & i wasn’t stuck doing the same monotonous task all night. im back at amazon now (mostly for the career choice program) & i’ve been stuck doing stow, pick & decant & while none of them are hard, i sometimes struggle hitting rate & i don’t want it to be something that causes to get write ups in the future so id like to transfer asap



So I currently work in TOM team. I came from inside the building and only wanted out to be able to get paid more. I went through NOA and I’m currently on the road to take my CPL test. I should’ve taken it during NOA but that’s another story for another time.

Lately I’ve been feeling like that TOM team isn’t for me. Don’t get me wrong, the job is easy. Very straightforward. I honestly can’t give a good enough reason as to why I should leave, I just feel like I’m not supposed to be there. 

I’ve been thinking about going to school and have Amazon pay for it, but I don’t think we’re allowed to be in school while being on TOM team due to the policy about not having a second job (which I think is bs but that’s my personal opinion). So if that is the case, then I’d have to go back in the building and start school from there, which is would be okay with because the job is easy. The only thing is giving up the pay in at right now for something much lower. 

Idk, I kinda just wanted to put that out there for anyone who might feel the same.



UPDATE: 

So I made the decision to try to transfer back into the building. I really took the time to think about it and I just don’t want to be on TOM. Plus going back in the building will have me do a little more research on other roles I can apply for and move up through there. 

Also thank you all for verifying some things with me, I’m still learning more and more about Amazon everyday so it’s helpful that other people can confirm things with me on here. 

Hopefully I’ll be able to go back to the first building I was at and start over with something different. If you have any other suggestions as far as other positions within Amazon I can move up in, let me know so I can do my research.
How do transfers for PAs work. Ii work RT shift and the schedule is starting to wear on me. I'm assuming the transfers process isn't the same because I can't submit a transfer on AtoZ. Anyone have any insight?
Before I start. Yes I know THC+CDL=Bad. Yes I know I made a mistake. I’m not looking for people to point out the obvious/what I already know. I’m looking for an answer to my question. 

TLDR: a bunch of unfortunate events happened during my second day of NOA training. I ended up consuming what I thought was CBD gummies to help with the pain I was in due to an accident I was in before the holidays (pharmacies were closed and I was desperate)
I got sent for a drug test and failed, obviously. 
They are sending me back into the warehouse instead of firing me (Management said this is a good sign)
My test was reported to Clearinghouse, essentially freezing my CDL until I complete the SAP/RTD process. I am currently going through said process as we speak. 
NOA manager said rehire eligibility is a case by case basis. 

Question for those who have gone through this/know someone who has, or knows an answer. 
Am I eligible for TOM team rehire? I will have a failed thc drug test on my record, however with the SAP process it shows I went through substance abuse help and am now clean as I have to have a negative test to unfreeze my CDL.
So I talked to HR chat, and it was forwarded to my site so I’ll be speaking with them tonight but can anyone in plain English just explain to me what I did wrong. 

Yesterday (December 5th) I worked 7:30pm to 11:30 pm. We flexed up an hour so really it was till 12am. No biggie right? 

Well I asked one of the managers could I stay for an additional shift. He said yes, but I just had to clock out for 30 minutes at 12:30. So I did that and came back to work from 1am until 3:00am. 

I woke up today to 4 hours of UPT being taken even though I worked the hours asked. I took my break when asked, and I never left the facility. 

I’m a white badge and I think I’ve been here for a little over a month. Nobody really explains anything so I’m just kinda confused everyday. I don’t understand what I did wrong or how I’m actually supposed to clock out if I do multiple shifts. 

Idk. Maybe I’m just dumb.

EDIT: for context I clocked out of my first shift at 12:31 and I couldn’t clock back in until 1:01 am. Could this be the issue? If so that’s pretty shitty seeing as how the system itself did not let me clock in. I was busy staging pallets by the time it was time to clock out. Am I supposed to just drop my work and run to the time clock? 
 Has anybody ever had problems said Amazon With bereavement leave?  They said they approved the   Obituary for my Grandpa passing away they said that things need to be recoded and they haven't been I was wondering if anyone else had problems with this or is AtoZ  messing up?
So i know we’re not that far into December but at my site Peak it’s not super busy ( they say it’s because we’re low on pickers) but I remember last year being crazy busy non stop work and so far this peak it’s kinda slow always running low on work etc. I work in CW1000, I would like to know everyone’s else experience at their site right now
Anyone know about how much you would make at Amazon in Ohio after a year or two assuming you can in as a T1?
Im white badge at my FC , started in September and i already got the eligibility for blue badge in October but im still currently waiting for conversion. I have 0 write ups , and 99% attendance. Never been approached about rate, never use my phone or earbuds at my station. Im not sure whats going to happen all for the fact that im white badge and they are going to let alot of seasonal badge go.
I applied for a role that was tied to FL, but I wanted to experience living and working in a different state. Has anyone asked HR to be placed to a different state location, and successfully relocated for their internship as an Area Manager?
So on the A to Z app whenever I try to apply for coverage in 2024 it doesn’t allow me to, it sends me to a link which doesn’t work, should I go to HR?

I'm annoyed since safety keeping coming up with new requirements, but won't enforce rules for certain groups and won't provide yard coats.
I wanted to ask if the internship role for the Area Manager internship is competitive to get? Like how hard is it to get the internship in terms of competing with people and is it limited roles?


I'm only 26 days into the job and feeling burnt out. How do you guys deal with this? It's because I'm already dealing with HR issues, people being rude at work and feeling like I'm working my ass off maybe I should relax a little like the other people? When I hired on they said nothing about all shifts moving to 5 hours so I'm a little annoyed about working my life schedule around that as well. 10 hours with a 30 minute break lol.
Even tho peak is the must stressful time of the year. Peak is really saving jobs out here. Amazon is looking over stuff but the moment after peak they finna start a witch hunt for whatever you got going on upt, bad employee etc  My work friend was horse playing around  in a  crazy way and a manager  walked up to him  touched his shoulder and whispered and said “the 26 “


I’m like mannnn y’all think stuff sweet.

Edit: The 26 is the day after Christmas which is the date peak is ending or will be  ending in a lot of sites . Basically what he said was at the earliest convenience and earliest date possible you will no longer be employed.
I am currently a white badge fc associate working flex, I make 17 an hour right now and just got an offer letter to become a blue badge but I would have to take a pay deduction to 15 an hour, is this normal?
I won a 32 inch flat screen tv for making bumpers un stow!
These are my favorite ones that I have so far. It's not a big collection like the other one we saw but I think I got some pretty cool ones
Hi, Rehired at amazon and got assigned to stow.. 
Three questions;
one/two) how is stow? Do you like it? 
Three) what doggone safety shoes should I get??! I'm on my third pair so far and they have all sucked. So painful. I wear a women's 7 typically. Any suggestions highly appreciated!!
Called erc because couldn’t login to AtoZ app they told me I was pending termination cause of negative upt and I’m scheduled to be officially terminated on the 6th. I was scheduled to work today should I still go? Will they still let me work today or would it be a waste of time ?
I've never used it before but I'm having a veterinarian emergency & they want final payment on Thursday, I don't get paid til Fri so it's a bit of a pickle
Does anyone know if Amazon hires at 17?

Just curious, what is the youngest age there has been for an l4/l5 operations? I just turned 21 recently and have a good shot at moving up from l3 to l4 in the next few months, and wondering if anyone is around the same age gap as I am
If you're a blue badge, can you still be let go after peak?
if you are suspended, why is UPT still being taking away? are they trying to use that against me as well?? its been a solid 3-2 days without any type of contact from HR or anyone. my AtoZ app still works and functions, and still shows the days i am scheduled. 
they suspended me due to the fact that i stepped outside with approval from my station manager to the smoke shack for 5-6 minutes. they addressed to me that this has happened and is and is adding the days that i did step outside and is now saying i done it for 180 minutes. why was this not addressed to me any sooner before it reached even the hundreds.? why are they targeting me now all of a sudden during PEAK? wtf lol. this shit did not appear last year at all. and the HR person that talked to me literally said he was only there as an HR INVESTIGATOR for those reasons. 
ALSO ADDING TO THIS: a shit ton of people do it worse than i do without approval and are STILL at the FC working ATM. WTF someone please explain.
So AtoZ has been glitching and giving us missing punches. I got mine fixed but fixing one day then messed up another day, says i didn't clock out. I went to HR and He said he wasn't going to fix anything anymore because its a glitch and if he continues fixing it for me, it will just mess more things up. I told him but my 10 hrs for that day are not appearing anymore in my paycard and he said to wait it out and hope for the best.

Now I'm worried I'm not getting paid those 10 hours and basically worked free for them.



Hello! So I submitted a LOA and it starts 12/9.. it’s medical. How long do I have to wait until I start getting paid? Are they still going to take out for my benefits? Will I still accumulate PTO & Vaction time?
I don't ask for much but there is a couple really important things to know that nobody has told you obviously 
So I'm saying it here
You can put the stickers anywhere except over the customer address.
Try to keep them off the slam label of possible.  

Also if half the slam label or the corner is missing don't scan it just because you can. 
Put it on the problem solve rack please and thank you .
I got an offer as an L4 AM at 93 K total compensation for my first year.
Base: 69K, Sign-on: 22K, RSU: 45K vested over a period of 4 years.
Just wondering how long will it take me to get to L5 and then to L6 and how much my total compensation components can increase. I am a college hire who has interned before.
Thanks!
I don't work Sundays and I checked my phone and I have an email saying I'm negative which I shouldn't be because I took VTO tonight so I checked it and look at this shit. 🙃
First day tomorrow from 6:20om-12:50am fulfillment could anyone help me out what to suspect
Does anyone else see the error or are my eyes deceiving me? One of the points for October 25th should be wrong right?
Has anyone at delivery stations been labored shared a lot like me? The past 4 days I’ve been labored shared to another warehouse because mine was overstaffed but I’m wondering if that’s something I should worry about?
Today’s my first day and I feel like there’s a lot I don’t know about working here. I work 9:00pm-6:30am and at a fullfilament center. I’m already getting texts about VET opportunities and I have no clue what they are or pretty much anything else.
I was stowing one day and had a manager come up to me and hand me 30 swagbucks and it made me wonder if these are given at random?
Somebody could help me to find a good ISS manual to improve as a problem solver please? I am a newbie in this area and is my wish improve and know in depth this mater.

Thanks
PAs were calling out folks by their first names, first time hearing this. Here for few years now.
Thank you,

Your friendly local amnesty responder
I am in so much pain. I have no PTO, my UPT is also low. I can’t move, what should I do? I work at an Amazon sort center. Advice please.
I saw this strange restroom like place at a delivery station near the multi faith room. It had large complicated looking toilet inside and I believe the sign on the door started with an L. What was this place?
What's the best school for computer science ?
I ended up getting hired at a delivery station but it’s rather hard work towards the end we all have to pick and it’s very tedious I don’t mind it but I don’t want to be here for the long run and I am wanting to transfer to a FC and the shift activity says print on demand what does that mean?
What is it like and how much did you have to pay?
I finally found some safety shoes that don’t hurt my toes but god damn do I need new insoles. I bought some Dr. Scholls work ones and they suck. The balls of my feet hurt so fucking bad at the end of each shift.
I finally found some safety shoes that don’t hurt my toes but god damn do I need new insoles. I bought some Dr. Scholls work ones and they suck. The balls of my feet hurt so fucking bad at the end of each shift.

Edited to add: for the intermittent leave request I specified it’d be unpaid*

Pretty much I am diagnosed with PTSD from suffering homelessness and some trafficking issues. I’ve been with Amazon on and off for the last 3 years. 

I’ve been working with a psychiatrist and after having to take a short continuous leave from work in the first few weeks after transferring sites she suggested I see if my job offers intermittent leave that could be used when I’m having “episodes” for both the safely of me and work. These episodes post no outright risks to others, just extreme depressive episodes, severely increased heart rate, inability to focus, confusion, etc. 

I am able to full tell when they are coming and can adequately get myself through them with the help of both my medications and my psychiatrist. The intermittent leave would be used to allow me to safely remove myself in these situations without worry of losing my job. 

Well, my site denied it (after a MONTH of no responses or updates) because of the “risk of unplanned headcount”. 

“Site is unable to approve request as this will put the site at risk of unplanned HC. Requests such as this should utilize the FMLA Leaves process. Site is unable to plamn a safe shift for all associates when we cannot track whether AA would be in or not. This request should go through the DLS team so appropriate documentation can be provided for absences and record keeping could occur.”

They then offered FlexPT which would not work because I’m a reduced-time employee who need the hours, money, and to help manage my disability—the schedule (having a consistent schedule is very important). I also wouldn’t be gone enough to put me all the way down to part-time (or from my experience working flex) LESS than part time hours. PTSD isn’t linear, I am and have been able to work for weeks without issues but maybe that week I had to be off or one month I had to take off twice. 

My issue is more so— why even have the option of intermittent time off if it can’t be used due to “unplanned headcount”?

What about the fact we can leave whenever we want or just not come in if we have UPT/PTO?

Does anyone have any idea what I can do from here? I had and provided adequate proof of everything and gave no issues. Working as someone with PTSD isn’t easy and I just felt like of all places to not have issues it would be Amazon. I don’t qualify for SSI because I’m capable of working— I also WANT to work. If anyone has any helpful advice please let me know because I could really use it.
So on our whiteboard it says something along the lines of “PTO resets with the calendar year, make sure to use it up” but above it, it says “full timers”. I couldn’t really make out what my manager was saying when he was talking about this, but the white board makes it look like it only resets for full timers.
So I was automatically terminated because they sent my email for my appeal the day of! Which I never seen till last min than they called in I missed the call this is crazy
Does anyone know the direct phone number to call VGT1 or email VGT1.. I have to get some forms signed by next week

I work evenings at a DS and notice that my ability to focus after my shift has degraded. I get halos around light after but fine before.  


I have yellow driving glasses in the car for night driving that help a lot. Was thinking of taking them on my next shift. Has anyone tried this ? Want to avoid getting yelled at and also help my eye strain.
Should I give them my two weeks (in person) or should I just quit through the app. I believe it’s my third or fourth week at Amazon, I just needed some type of income until I got my other job.


Hey so I took a loa 2 months ago and submitted docs that weren’t enough. Called erc a month later because I couldn’t sufficient enough docs and she said she will write it so my case manager sees. I got a email a couple days ago saying loa was accepted does that mean i’m good and don’t need the docs?


So I was written up for using PTO. Basically what happened was I was on my way to work and my stomach started to hurt badly. I immediately knew that it was due to a stomach virus (as both my siblings had them) and if I continued on my way to work, I’d be puking and using the bathroom the whole time and just in pain. So I used my pto which was only 3 hours on a 4.5 hour shift. I made peace that I’d get a point for missing a partial shift but there was nothing I could do about that. I ended up going home and by the time I got back the puking had already began so I was just in genuine pain and I was in and out of sleep due to the medicine I was taking all day. The site manager texts me and I wasn’t able to get back to him until late as I was sleep from the medicine I took. He wrote me up before I got back to him. When I finally was able to text him, I told him what happened and I apologized for it and said that I’d take full responsibility. He asked something else again and I stated that I explained myself already and wasn’t sure what else to say. His response, which he didn’t add earlier, was that he got a call from another associate that the next employee (me) never showed up for the next shift but to be honest I don’t believe that because it’s peak season and when I worked this shift at the beginning of the week there were 5 people there at all times. He also stated that I had to notify management. I honestly do see where I was wrong at but at the same time I was literally sick. I’d also like to add that I did not have numbers from anyone in management. Plus last time I worked here (perhaps a year and a half ago) this same person had no problem asking me to stay an extra 4 hours  for someone else.
Has anyone ever been caught vaping in the building if so what happened ?
I'm about to start my first night shift. They told me it would feel like whatever it feels like outside doing that station. Is that true because I don't want to wear long John's and sweats if I'm going to die from heat stroke. I keep reading its hot in the warehouses. 

TIA
Hello, I’ve been with Amazon for 5 years and in those 5 years I’ve never been injured. However last week while stowing I started feeling discomfort in my hand or wrist. I thought it was just soreness but now I’m feeling sharp pain and tingly (numbness) in my hand. I don’t do anything on my days off so I know it’s from work.  What is the process? Will AMcare send me to one of their hand specialists or do I make an appointment with Kaiser? Also, if I’m to be placed on a leave will it be paid? Sorry this is my first time going through this process. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you
I am having trouble trying to find a way to check the balance in my wisely card through the anytime pay link in a to z. How do you check your balance?
If I’m not mistaken, UPT rolls over to the next year. But I’m not sure about PTO. I’ve got 40hrs left, and I don’t want it to go to waste.
I missed my first day, so I decided to resign and I applied again lmao. I start in a week or so 💀💀
I ain’t gonna lie but I would literally use LOA anytime I wanted to get out work because it is so easy to get. Still pays my rent🤭🤭

Isn't that a little weird? I work in a SSD facility and I was assigned to packing by a different manager. He wasn't even in the same area I was working, he was in dispatch. I already suspected that he has a thing for me but could be nothing. Before anyone says anything, no I wouldn't date my manager.
Just got off a LOA and see that my first shift back has UPT taken even though I don’t go in until 5:50pm. Should I contact ERC about this?
I have 12 hours and 39 minutes of upt, and lucky me this week they are doing 12 hour MET  so I wanna know if I’ll still be okay to take off a full day since I’m sick at the moment. Given the changes to the 15 minute increment I wanna know if I’ll be okay still or if I’ll be promoted to customer.
Beginning of this year I worked briefly at a amazon warehouse and injured myself not at work. Ended up quitting to take the time to heal. I cant log onto the app they told us to use for payment and they never sent anything through mail besides my W2 funny enough. How can I go about fixing this? 
I’m wondering if I’m able to work at the fulfillment center as a flex associate and work full time at a 3rd party DSP. Please only answer if you genuinely know and not just guessing or giving false info.
Hello,

I am writing on behalf of my Girlfriend who works in one of the Amazon Distribution / Sorting centers with regards to a Leave of Absence. 

I’m not really understanding the policy and I am not sure she is asking the right questions or receiving the correct answers because quite honestly, the situation as I understand it makes zero sense. 

So, my GF put in for an accommodation request to be moved to another area. She has an injury to her shoulder which, to my knowledge, didn’t happen at work, but, most likely has been made worse due to the job requirements being it’s a labor intensive job. 

The accommodation request was denied, which - fine. It is what it is. But, she was then placed on a Leave of Absence which she did not put in a request for. 

Is this something that is a normal policy?  That if the accommodation request is denied, Amazon can just say, “nope, denied, but, we will go ahead and give you a leave of absence even though you never requested it”. 

As I understand it, Amazon has their own in house medical staff?  And, it sounds like they are saying she should have gone to see them for a diagnosis instead of visiting her own Primary Care Physician, which I feel is totally normal given that she can’t pin point where / how the injury occurred. 

Am I missing something? What, if any options does she have??
For most of the year I couldn’t break through 20 hours due to the amount of VET I’d take and always over sleeping. Now oh the new system and fixing my sleep schedule I’m hoping to hit 80 by the end of January.
i will be moving to another state soon and supposedly we can transfer warehouses right on a to z. how does that work?? or would i have to do a hardship transfer in order to go to another warehouse when i move? or would i have to just quit and reapply? if i do a transfer is there a grace period between leaving warehouse a to starting warehouse b? like to get settled in between the move and transition? would i just have to use time or take a leave for the transition? hr on site won’t give me any information but i imagine there’s some kind of transition if you’re transferring hundreds of miles away. it would be bizarre if not. does anyone have an experience or information??
Stowers at boi2 are complete fucking  morons.
I purposely skipped my shift on Saturday the 25th. On Monday the 27th, through the “Time off & leave” tab, I put in PTO for Saturday to cover the shift. It’s been nearly 48 hours and my UPT still hasn’t been refunded. Is it normally supposed to take this long? I know AtoZ was experiencing some issues around Saturday and Monday so I’m not sure if this has anything to do with it.

My next shift is later today. Do I have to talk to HR after my shift if this doesn’t get fixed? Quite frankly, HR has been useless the few times I’ve reached out to them in the past, but I’ll try to talk to them today if I need to.
so i work at a FC that’s 20 mins from my house, i had applied for flex last month bc my car situation fell through, but my application expired. bc it’s peak and i work day shift, we have to go in at 630 am, but there’s never any ubers or any drivers working at that time so i’ve gone negative in my time today. will i still get fired if i show HR proof? i reapplied for flex, but they said they’re not accepting applications for flex til after peak so i have no choice but to wait for an uber to be available every morning.
I'm really sorry to even ask, it was my responsibility to figure this out and pay better attention. But do white badges get offered health insurance? I wish you all well.
I ask for help but she kept blowing me off to help a guy with one leg. 

What exactly is T formation when building boxes in the blue cart thing? 

I don’t understand the scanning of smalls. We’re not supposed to scan the same item multiple times but then the workers are scanning everything else off of a box sitting on the side or a package taped to the front of the box. The learning ambassador tried explaining to us but literally none of us but the one person that worked there before understood. 

I don’t want to complain, I just want to know how to do my job efficiently without hurting myself or others. 

Would I be able to get a retrain in everything? It’s a small sc and she’s friends with everyone so I wouldn’t want to start off with bad blood. Today is my day off and tomorrow will be my third day of training. I’m on my own but half of the things she checked off we didn’t even get a hands on training in.
(4 hour shifts, seasonal part time) 
Thank you for the advice everyone 
I got approved for medical leave of absence. I will be off for 8 weeks. I will be off from December till the first week of February. But the app doesn’t show the full dates that I will be off. It only shows till the end of December, not including the rest of the months. I uploaded the doctors note when I will be returning back. Will it get updated?
Right now, I am a full time associate with a college accommodation. I initiated a request to have my classes paid for. However, I am trying to switch over to flex. Assuming I’m approved, will my career choice financial aid be denied or still be processed?
Hello everyone, hope you are all doing well or at least decent!

I just wanted to ask if anyone here knew what the process for retraining was and how do I approach my manager about it? I recently got really ill and had to go on leave for about a month and a half.. and I feel like I need a refresher for my brain. If anyone is curious I am in Outbound Ship Dock.

Any insight or advice is much appreciated! Thank you.
Hi everyone, have a few questions regarding me wanting to upgrade my wisely card to 70%, how long does it take for the verification process? And when it's done, do I need a new card or can I use my current one? 
I used to work at Amazon (AUS2 specifically) and I remember there being a lot of programs for you to transfer to a more corprorate job. I left Amazon to become a software dev and an having a hard time finding work. Does anyone know if Amazon offers any software dev programs to the employees. I’d gladly go back to Amazon if it means I can get more education in the field I like.
Will my time be coded if I’m doing rebin or is it the usual “last item scan” or no?

Anyone here a Safety Specialist @ an ARS FC? I'm a hazwaste coordinator who dreams of being an Enviromental tech, but I don't have my Bachelors (I do have an Associates and another 2 year degree). I hear at L4 you don't get college money anymore, but I don't think $5250/year is going to pay for the rest of my degree and ya girl is too poor for school and I don't want the burden of loans.

Do you like being a Safety specialist?
What is your daily routine like?
What is the pay?
We're you previously a waste coordinator, and how would you say the work is different? Better? Worse?


Please give me all of your opinions/experience. I need all of the points of view lol
My feet are still cooked lol
Any hints and tips about applying for an L1 IT role for an FC? Is there an interview that I need to prepare for? Any info would be greatly appreciated!
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C0KF7lkg2oZ/?igshid=ZWI2YzEzYmMxYg==
If someone’s been fired and banned from working at Amazon, can they apply to work at usps?
I have to be on the app before the designated time or I’m straight out of luck when it comes to getting shifts. I got lucky yesterday and this morning getting shifts for this week. Hopefully it’ll be this easy from here on out.

either good or bad notes.  I am just curious
And moreover, what did your low balance convos look like?
hence the sarcasm in the title but my totaled tenure time is 2 years. 1 year and 9 months was spent at a sort center and now i’m doing some time here at a delivery station.
😭🤣 oh how badly i would love to transfer back to a sort center but the full time benefits at the ds is a lot better.

and i don’t know if other sort centers have it but my sc building had “leads” which basically are people that do PA work w T1 pay, i did that for a few months and completely drained me but i learned over time, never work harder than you have to bc they WILL give you more and always expect the impossible out of you with no extra pay or incentives.

but overall thankful that this job has paid for a few classes and keeps my bills paid. one day i will be able to leave this place for better but until then it is what it is.
Not every company does this, but a lot tend to give out some bonus at the end of the year, as a Christmas bonus of sorts.

I remember Amazon doing this once, 2 years ago or so, and then never again. 

Like I’m not asking for 10% of my yearly pay or anything (I know companies like Intel does this), but you’d hope that if you’ve put in the years that you’d at least get some kind of bonus (e.g. after every year or 2 of working at Amazon, you get a bonus of 1% that increases by 1% or something; you make $45000 a year, you get $450 year 1, $900 year 3, and so on). And the bonus would be adjusted as your overall pay does too.

I know they want to churn out as many people as possible, but the people who are here the longest could at least get some kind of bonus.

I got a man here who’s worked for Amazon for 5 years, and he apparently gets nothing but a little peccy badge. I mean it’s a cute pin and all, but still.
Does amazon care about thc I take a urine test soon. marijuana is legal for recreational use in my state.
How long to get the wisely card? Do you have to wait for it to ship ? I have a wisely from another job
I am Inbound stow. I’ve been seeing replenishment and prep appearing in the available ships to pick up. Anyone know what that is?

“view details” does not give any info on these shifts.

Guys, I have a financial emergency.  I have been out on disability but have not received the payments and I am completely out of my savings. I am due to return to Amazon in two weeks, but need to cover my expenses  before I get evicted this month. I am strongly considering getting a Brightside Loan but don't know  how predatory the terms are? Do they run a credit check? What are the loan terms? What type of interest were you charged?
I have been trying to get a LOA approved since I got sick on Friday. I have called 15 times. Does anyone else have these issues
I have 2 write ups and i am so tired i am a zombie. What can i do for random people that is nice that no one will know that it is me? Because i once gave away some vendor bucks and i regretted having to make small talk forever.
I've been working at Amazon for almost 3 months now. I have horrible depression and suicidal thoughts constantly. I've been using Talkspace through Amazon since I was able to. It's helped me exponentially and I really enjoy my counselor. Problem is, Amazon only gives you 5 free sessions. After that, it's either out of pocket or covered by insurance. I'm 18 years old and have no fucking clue what I'm doing. I just want to be able to talk to my therapist, I don't have the money to pay out of pocket.

What do I do? Please help.
I know that vacation and PLOA are blacked out during peak. I was wondering what if you had a long term injury during peak and needed time to recover? Will you have to wait until peak is over? Sounds ridiculous I know but I wouldn’t be surprised.
i start soon and was wondering what my shift would consist of my schedule is from 5pm to 9pm

Just saw this shift offer on A to Z and was just wondering what does Prep do? 
(I work at an Amazon AR FC facility)
Starting week 3 at a Delivery Station and been asked to leave Pick to Buffer early to do Problem Solve, as well as stay late a couple of shifts to clear backlog. I enjoy it, should I angle to do that full-time or stick to Pick and Stow ? I am L1 right now, would I get a promotion ?
I ordered a PC some time on Tuesday, I was told it would get here Friday (of course I assumed it would be late because of the holidays and I had no issue.) That was until they told me it would be here on the prior Wednesday. Only for it to get delayed to next Monday. After that, for multiple days now it’s been stuck in the same facility repeatedly.

In my a-z app under “ attendance “ it says I have negative upt violation but I’ve never missed a day and was never late I took vto on sight by a manager my first day with the other new members but I don’t know if that’s the reason it’s ruined I’m 10 days in my employment. Anyone knows if it’s a glitch or something they did wrong ?
I have a relative who has worked amazon before so they know about vto but they’re signed into a to z and they don’t have the option to vto at all. So I can still see and pick them up but they can’t.
I started working Amazon back in early October. I actually applied for both jobs at the same time. About 3 weeks into Amazon the 2nd job called me back. I went in for an interview and told them I took another job at Amazon between the time I applied and the time they called me into an interview (he told me I had put in full availability on the application). They said that wouldn’t be a problem and they can work with me on my schedule. The Job is a driving job and is really easy compared to Amazon so at the time I didn’t think I couldn’t handle it. 

Now for the first 2 1/2 weeks at the new job  I took VTO and focused on my new job, which is pretty great. I’m not on my feet all day and it’s a pretty simple job. Problem is that job needs me 5 days a week (they tried hiring another driver and it didn’t work out so I’ve been having to be full time temporary) and with Amazon going into peak this week needing me 6 days a week and 2 extra hours a day now I’m not sure what to do.

My Amazon schedule has it to where I work 6 days and 8 hours this week. And my other job starts immediately after for another 6-8 hours. With the VTO I’ve been taking these past 2 1/2 weeks I really haven’t had back to back shifts but the days I did it really drained the life out of me and at that time I was still working my regular 6 hour schedule at Amazon. An extra 2 hours a day plus an extra day I already know I can’t handle it. So I have to make a decision this week. But I’m having a hard time deciding. Reason being is I know Peak is only gonna last for the next 5 weeks so if I can get past Peak, then I feel like I can do both jobs. Second thing is the benefits at Amazon are great(already had to use it and I’m really happy with it) . The other job doesn’t have benefits at all (not eligible until I work there a year). 3rd thing is if I did quit Amazon, Amazon is for some reason never hiring for the sites that are close by me. I had been trying for months to get in and I could never get a shift/location I wanted. And I know Amazon isn’t really gonna be hiring after peak for awhile.

So pros with staying with Amazon

Benefits
Got the schedule/location I wanted
Paid weekly or daily with Anytime pay

Cons

Peak/MET is too demanding on my schedule
If I quit, I lose my benefits and schedule
Demanding on my body (going home very sore and physically drained)
I m just a number here and always pressured to go faster due to rate

New job pros

Simple job and way easier on my body (not going home sore & drained every night)
Pay is the same as Amazon.
Way more calmer and less stressful than Amazon.
Don’t feel like a number and I just have to get done with my work by a certain time so there’s not constant pressure to go faster

Cons 

Paid Bi-weekly and no daily cash out with Anytime pay
Sometimes when the shift that’s responsible for getting our orders ready to be delivered don’t finish the job, we have to finish it setting my time to get my part of the job done to be less putting me under  pressure for time like Amazon.

I’ve put a lot of thought to this and I really don’t know what to do. So any suggestions I will really take into consideration. 

Thank you if you actually read the whole post.

Ignore 10/31

I'm a new amazon employee and I had to UPT Tuesday because of a family medical emergency then yesterday I had a similar medical emergency and my manger told me to clock out even though I was fine after it passed. It's now saying I have -20 hours of UPT I know I'm screwed. But are there any numbers I can call?  They told me to call someone but I don't remember thanks in advance. If you have any advice

I’m about to start this job as a Delivery Station Warehouse Associate. This my first time working at Amazon I just want to know what to avoid and things to know. Basically what you wish someone told you before you start working at Amazon or the station I’m on. I use to work at UPS when I was 16 my first job, I quit in 3 months because I was too young it was too much. But now I don’t mind the work, I’m a personal trainer on the side so I lift lots of weights. But doing that on a job for 10hrs straight night shift, Ik is something different!
Hey everybody im new to this subreddit and have a question regarding getting hired as an area manager. Ive been working as a flex class X employee at Amazon for 2 years already and im about to graduate from a four year university in a few days. My question is how fast is amazon in giving a response in regards to hiring an area manager? Also is it best if I apply internally or should I apply external? Because when i try to look externally for students i only see one internship opportunity that may not even be for my city but the internal portion shows 4 locations and my current location hiring area managers. 

Thanks for the help
I recently accepted an AM position starting next year in September. Currently finishing BA degree and need to continue to work obviously so I can pay my bills, tuition, etc. Question is, would I be able to work part-time as a ware house associate until the start date for the AM position? Mind you, I was offered the AM job externally and have never worked for Amazon. I think this would be a nice way to get paid, and also get a better understanding of Amazon and the culture in warehouses. But please tell me if this is just a bad idea in general in case it would ruin anything with the current offer. Any advice would be helpful! 
I’m a new hire on in my first day after completing training. I just did my regular 4 hour block at my sort center. However when I was clocking out I noticed there wasn’t a lot of people doing the same. I took my break and went back to complete my second block an hour and a half later. I clocked out after 4 hours again,but everyone was clocking out the same as expected. I think they mentioned how they work with the flex up and down schedule during the training but I would think they would tell us if it applied to us immediately. My shift hours have been the same since training, 4 hour block then 1.5 hour break then 4 hour block again, so I don’t really know how they expect us to know when to flex up. If I skipped the extra 1 hour what would happen?
So I usually work one shift on Sunday but I picked up an earlier shift. 

And with peak starting this weekend, some of my coworkers said that was a bad idea. 

What do y’all think?
I cant seem to find any information on it but im
Currently seeking to transfer closer to where i live as my current station is at an FC about an hour drive away.
So I got hired on during the holidays. Training was not very good.  what do I have to avoid doing while I’m working in picking?  They are already saying I’ll get written up lol but I still don’t know much.
So today was my third day at MTN. 6 and I was scheduled on the atoz app. It says I’m scheduled 1 AM to 5 AM on Friday, November 24. I just went to work and security told me there’s no operation manager and there’s no one here for me to do my shift, when was I going to be communicated about this I was not told anything didn’t get no email no text message no nothing it would’ve been really nice if I was informed I wouldn’t have drove 30 minutes to work for no reason…. And she said they sent everyone home at 7:30 pm..
She even said a lot of people say not told either all I know my out better not be taken off
How much upt are you hired on with? I'm recently hired and have had to use 8 hours UPT (one day) for a family emergency. I have a day coming I need to take another 4 hours off but I don't know if I have the hours. I can't find it in the app and when I got to atoz attendance I just get a 404 error. I need help :(
My partner died over a month ago. I already had inattentive ADD and this blew my short term memory into oblivion. Did 3 days of bereavement, then worked a few days; then took a fourth unpaid day off for the next Monday, the 28th of October 2023. A very green rookie zoomer manager set up a shift swap for the Thursday immediately following that day, or almost a bloody month ago. I remember next to nothing about that week except this wench who condescended to me at every turn.

A week after that, I got a message that I was minutes away from going negative--I was supposed to have worked a day I did not show up. I could not get through to HR or their lackeys other than to be told to use that useless At Oz

I'm old, and lack the computer skills to use  At Oz. Moreover, I can't see anything good coming from trying to force us to use it; instead, just be glad that we want to retire the minute we're sure we won't be homeless, and thus get the hell out of your hair ASAP. In a matter of 5 years, the boomers will be history and most of the GenXers on their way out too. I realize how helpless and lost this must read, and I wish things were different. I'm sound like a rabid ageist, and I do own that, as with every shift, I have less of a role in the company.


That said, the PCX/HR Helper desk is NEVER staffed with more than one minion--you will see a manager of some sort looming over a seated underling, but never freaking ever enough tier 2 personnel to begin to try to address the problems faced by associates. 

And with THAT said, two persons who are at least Tier IV HR(BPs?) *said* they'd have my stolen UPT, 10 hours of same, back in my hands first by last Saturday and second by this evening EST, but guess what: both failed, or forgot, or said, "Screw old people," or ran into bullshit from their own overlords, or some massively incompetent and unnecessary combination of any or all of the previous. 

Additionally, why should I suffer when it was the manager who made the initial mistake?

All I want is my UPT back. I didn't work, either day, hence I don't expect any pay. If that so called manager made a mistake, I'm already on file as disabled (several neurodivergent conditions) and am one of those geezers who would have left a fee years ago if it wouldn't have made me homeless. If anyone has been through anything similar, and lived, pls advise.
Can you enter any amazon warehouse with your badge? Or are you only allowed to enter the one you work at? If not can you get terminated for trying to enter a different building you don’t work at??
I don’t go in tonight until 10pm, does that mean i’ll only get holiday pay for 2 hours?
If I was do an internal transfer would I keep my pay raises I’ve accrued through my tenure at the Amazon I’m currently at or would I start at the new sites base pay?
So I’m flex and my points were at 7. I know if it hits 8 you could be terminated so I always made sure I came to work on time and left on time. Then one day it says 9. Literally out of nowhere. I review my points and see they gave me 1 point for leaving 30 mins early and I was already expecting that to be my last point to 7.  But then I keep scrolling and see they gave me another point for the same 30 mins I already got a point for. And then I was given another point for 2 hours when I was at work for those 2 hours. i went to HR about it and as usual they wrote my login down and said they would fix it. Never did so I submitted a ticket and then shortly after got an email saying I’m terminated tomorrow. I have proof and screenshots but I always read appeals are pointless because they always say no anyways. But in this case It was an amazon problem not mine so do you think I’d stand a chance?
4th year at Amazon across two different FCs. Every year Thanksgiving has went the same way. They tell us they're going to need us, then in the days before Thanksgiving they send out VTO. Then, I get there on Thanksgiving and there's a line of employees 100 people long at the managers desk to start the morning because they just don't have the work for everyone to have stations. We stand around for an hour or two, until the managers start begging people to take VTO. One of the years they literally told us to go sit in the break room until they come to get us once they have a station ready. Literally just got paid time and a half to play games on my phone...I wasn't mad about it lol. 

It's just wild how it's the same thing every year, yet, they continue to act like it's a necessity to have everyone come in. I guess it boils down to better to be overprepared than not prepared enough. 

Also, I'm aware that some of you haven't had the same experiences at your warehouses. This has just been mine.
no yummy food like everyone else on this sub… but we did get a gift bag that had chapstick, tissues, cough drops, and biofreeze packets. 

not even a lil candy?😔
Do we get time off for Thanksgiving?
I haven’t hit my required 30 hours these last 2 weeks but it hasn’t given me the points for being under the required amount of hours. Why have I not received the points? I’m happy to not get them but I’m concerned aha
Hi, so I applied for a transfer to an Amazon location that is very far from where I live especially because I have no car, but it was the only one with a decent schedule. I already accepted the job offer, but haven't started yet. But now that I did the calculations, I'm going to be spending too much money on transportation. I start in 2 weeks, how soon after starting on the new location can I apply for a transfer to another location?

Does anyone’s building make them wear a hard hat when going into the trailers for ship dock? Mine does MDW7
Amazon has not dropped any significant # ofshifts for both days. It's already the day before, so I'm guessing Amazon don't need us flex FC workers. I work east coast.
I have been a reach truck operator at my facility since it’s launch and I have mixed feelings about not just my particular experience on the reach truck but rather the whole building and how it’s being ran.

First let me say that I love driving the reach truck, in fact that’s the reason I still continue working for Amazon. 

However there are a few things about the actual reach trucks we have on site that could be improved. First being that our Raymond reach trucks have no laser fork/camera guide which makes retrieving pallets somewhat tricky especially for new operators. Second is how the SICK LiDar is so sensitive and slows you down to 1 mph. Third is how they didn’t get the sit/stand model because apparently Amazon doesn’t believe in operator comfort. 

I feel so sore and tired every night from standing on the machine all day and being how I’m the only reach truck driver in the entire building I don’t know how much longer I can keep working for $17.40 an hour before I collapse from exhaustion.
What is the average salary of an L4 or L5 TAM?
Amazon employee stabbed near facility in Mission Viejo, authorities say
https://abc7.com/amazon-employee-stabbed-mission-viejo-orange-county-california/14088859/
via ABC7LA App
I requested for a day off for my MET day with unpaid time. It says the request is submitted. Do I have to wait for approval or what? Kind of looks like it's in limbo.
Do L4 hourly still get upt? I just got an offer letter and i am curious if I would still have my upt.
So my mom is dying from cancer in has been fighting for her life for the past few weeks, so I had to miss several days total driving out of state not knowing when the last good bye will be the final good bye. And I've been clocking out early because the PA talks to me like garbage, really nasty! Which makes me depressed.

I've ran out of pto and now running out of UPT, but can't afford to miss anymore days because we're preparing for the funeral cost. She doesn't have that long maybe tonight... maybe Thanksgiving. We don't know.

What I don't like about amazon  inhouse HR compared to retail HR they have don't have any compassion for a dying parent....it's like what ever to them. They used me like a robot to hit their numbers, now when I need them the most, they are like "OH well" to bad not our problem.

I was told by inhouse HR they can't excuse absence even in this type of situation. I had proof gas receipts etc..

Back when i worked retail jobs  as a manager and doing human resources I myself would've excused my employees times off without them being penalized and prayed for them.

Does anyone know where I could get funeral donations to help pay.

I don't make much an hour $17 hr, so any suggestions would be great. I'm sure they're someone who is wise reading this that could guide me in the right direction.

Just know when something tragic happens in your life amazon doesn't have your back.

Thanks fellow amazon workers.
I received my background check from the 3rd party Amazon uses, first advantage , on Saturday. And it’s still pending with Amazon . My start date is Sunday and I’m getting worried I’m going to lose my position . And there’s never no available positions in my area in Tampa they get taken so fast. So annoying

EDIT: I emailed the background check support and it must have made them check it out because my background is now fully complete and I start first day this Sunday let’s go! Took me a week and a half for it to finish . Passed background check while on probation for felony possession marijuana charge. 
My goal is to work hard get put on perm blue badge and get Career choice in 90 days to use it to get my CDL lisense and become a trucker 
they didn’t get any emails or texts saying they were terminated. just this text and when they clicked on it , it said this. they DO have negative UPT but it’s only 2 minutes. it would be positive by friday. just wondering if anyone knows?
What are all the abbreviations mean I see everyone using? Like T1 L1 L4 etc. 
Could someone explain what they all mean and dept associated, or where I can read more in it? Are their certain ones better than others or one should be aiming for?
Hello,
I applied for the entry level/recent college graduate area manager role. I did the interview and was told i would hear back within 3-5 business days. I received an email saying congratulations you did well on the interview and we will reach out to you within 15-20 business days with a compensation package. That was on the 24th of October. Its been almost a month in regular days. And 20business days but they still havent reached out. I emailed and got an automated response saying recruitment has switched to using Abode platform to communicate with candidates past the offer letter stage. And to reach out to my recruiter there. The problem is that i dont have login credentials for that platform and there is no way to sign up for it on their site (Abode).
Im worried they sent my job offer there and i have no way to access it. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for taking the time to read my post!
I’m reduced time at Amazon. Do we get paid for thanksgiving?
I recently started working at Amazon. I work full time during the day and my pay rate is $19.00 an hour but when I applied I saw that for the same hours and same days of the week you can make $21.00 an hour but it’s during the night time. If I were to change to night shift would I still make the same $19.00 or would it change to the $21.00 they offer for night shift?
is it better to manage at an AR sortable  or a Traditional non-sort customer fulfillment Center?

So, can anyone explain to me why OKC1 and OKC2 have police sitting stationary at the street lights? Seems like a waste, their presence doesn't mitigate anything. Last year a car was broken into during a night shift during peak so I just don't get it. They even caused traffic one time by pulling someone over.
I know that Amazon can be a cesspool, but I’ve been lucky enough to find that special someone.  He’s a great guy and we haven’t had problems and we’ve been going strong for the last year. It’s been really tricky, but we have kept our relationship quiet because Amazon is a gossip pit, filled with vipers.   Who is/has successfully dated at Amazon?  I want to read about your dating experiences.
How easy is it to get Flex shifts through Amazon A to Z? I tried getting a shift today but it filled up quickly. Hopefully I am able to get shifts easily since I don't want any points leading up to termination. I work from 11PM - 4 AM tonight.
Hello fellow amazonian stokers i was wondering if you guys ever sometimes get in the weird moment where the water spiders ignore you, the robots bring pods with no room, and you’re stuck with 2-7 big nonopen boxes. 

this has happened to me about 6 times the whole 3 weeks i’ve been working here so far and idk if i should just relax or not lol 

the funny thing is that it’s also peak time so everyone is going crazy and im over here like twiddling my thumbs looking like an idiot skipping all the pods
Hey, I just an offer to be an AM Intern at an FC in the Southeast, still haven't received an offer letter yet so idk where I'm going to be exactly yet. I just wanted to know is this internship is good for growth not just in business but in other aspects as well. Also, how do they help with relocation and stuff if anyone has been an AM intern and changed career path, etc your advise would help.
I don't think 296's are big enough to pack somebody's car
Does anyone here work at the MEM5 Sortation Center? I start tonight from 3am-7/8am, what can i expect? How’s the work load and the working environment?
My pants almost fell down in front of the entire nit sort last night because my stupid belt broke

I had to miss work due to miscarriage and then infection I was in contact with HR and always let them know what was happening and then I got fired  for upt never got a write up or warning now I have my appeal tomorrow at 7pm what’s the chance of me winning my appeal

&#x200B;

update I won my appeal and return back to work Friday nite ..Thanks everyone for giving your feedback and opinions I truly appreciate it HAVE A WONDERFUL THANKSGIVING 
I'll be transferring from a non-robotic Sortation center to a robotic one, and I'm just curious what to expect? How does Smalls Induct work? Inbound/unloading? I mention those two specifically, as they seem the most likely to be mechanized... though truthfully I have no clue whatsoever as I've only worked at a non-robotic site.
At the beginning of november i applied for a night shift 6pm-6:30am. Ive done my pre hire appointment and did the drug test, ive even been prepping my sleep schedule to accommodate for these hours.

My first day was supposed to be the 23rd, 4 days from this post. I have now received an email notifying me my shift was taken and to reschedule. For one, i applied with another person to have the same hours because my car broke down and im in a tight position financially. I needed the transportation. 

I didnt let that tilt me over the edge but when i went to re apply to another shift to see what i could manage with what was given, no shifts were available for my local fulfillment center… you’re tellin me i applied 20 days ahead of time to give my two week’s notice to my previous job and still have time to get into the right sleep schedule to start this job just for it to be taken from me?

I called amazon job support center, truly not to be rude this guy is just doing his job but i couldnt understand everything that was said due to poor reception and his strong accent but he told me some, in my opinion, absolute bullshit. “The shifts are first come first serve” like bro wdym if that were the case what i applied for early would NOT of been taken. 

Is there anything i can do or am i just out of luck?

I’ve wanted to clock out early now and then, but not if we’re expected to give a heads-up to the PA we’re reporting to that shift.  Can we just clock out early whenever we want if we’ve got the UPT/PTO to cover it? (I don’t want a write-up, and I don’t want the awkwardness of explaining beforehand because I have no good explanation. I just want to use my time off how I want, and if it’s a freedom we have, then I want to start enjoying it.) Thanks in advance!
Is this the order in which it happens?

Thanks!
does anyone know how to use it?? no matter what it just says my code is invalid, even when the item is sold and shipped by amazon. pls help </3

 I've seen things where people say they've worn tights and casual t shirts but is there a color code we have to adhere by? I have a few different colored pants so I don't have enough black for every day of the week yet I know some work places want employees to wear black pants and black shirts but I wasn't sure what was allowed. Like if I went in with green tights and a red blank t shirt would it be acceptable? Or are we allowed to have t shirts with designs on it? (Nothing inappropriate of course) im probably overthinking it but I just gotta be clarified on this. Thank you in advance!
I have been ill all last week stupid pxt emails me to say response to the email to help fix it so I did all yesterday no response earlier today I messaged them on a to z and still no response they email me again saying if they don’t hear from me in 24 hours it will be assumed I quit how can you respond if they don’t respond to your messages sounds really funny to me
So today was my first day, but I didn’t go, can I still show up for day 2 tomorrow? 💀😵‍💫
What are the chances that I would get fired during peak?? I’m at -9 UPT due to feeling terrible this past week and I’ve gone negative before like 2 months ago, but it got reset without me ever talking to anybody. Do they typically fire during peak? 

I’m also seasonal if that matters lol plenty of VET being thrown around as well, so I’m guessing they need all hands on deck.
Hi all,
I have interview coming up next week for PA (process Assistant), can you please guide which areas should I focus on while preparing for Interview. Of course,  apart from 16 leadership principles. 

Thanks.
I got a question for current or previous workers at Lockers  does anyone In Illinois know the time schedules for working at Amazon locker in a Whole Foods? I’m asking like so there  6 hour 12 hour shifts? Or is it just 3 to 5 hour shifts on average? I just accepted a job offer so I have no idea. But I’ve worked at Amazon before in a FC if that makes any difference to an answer.
I've seen people who have whole selfies with hats on and some with sunglasses in their own car as their badge photo. How do people do this? My photo is pretty outdated to how I look now

What is y’all’s breaks like? I work 1:20am to 11:50am (clock out 5:30-6 for lunch) and we get 2 ‘15’ minute breaks around 3:30 at 8:45. Except they’re only 10 minutes. Our AM’s constantly remind us that 5 minutes should be spent leaving your station and coming back to your station.

I hate it! Give me 2 30 minute breaks if that’s the case. 10 minutes goes by So Quick. They expect you to be at your station by 3:45 working again and if your not, that’s a write up. I just find it a bit extreme. I’m better off going to the bathroom for 15 minutes.

 I am so mad I had a interview for a seasonal learning trainer position.  I was told I didn't do the interview based on the star method.  So I was denied the position I'm not good enough for the title and the pay but when they meet me too they will ask me to come from my department as an ambassador and teach the class.  Now a little back story I am mentally ill and have PTSD along with other things and horrible anxiety.  I don't know how to convey to them that just because I don't interview well doesn't mean that my growth within the company should be at a stand still.
I’ve been told it’s stupid to say, but I’m so ready to work during peak and get the hours in. 

I’d rather be working than being at home. 

How do y’all feel about peak?
So I am moving from a FC to SC. I was a FT employee at the FC, but am going to be a seasonal employee at the SC. Is there a good chance of me being moved to FT, or should I expect to be laid off once peak dies down? I don’t mind to work as seasonal for x amount of time if I know there’s a chance, but from what I have read it seems a lot of people being moved from seasonal to FT work at FC, not SC. Any input would be appreciated!
I recently became a ship clerk after 1 1/2 weeks of training. How stressful is your week? Im trying to hold it down with no sweepers and 1 TDR and I’m stuck 1-2 hours after work doing all my adhocs/cancellations/empties cases/EOS Wash. Is this normal?
What does ship dock do? I start tomorrow and I have no idea what ship dock does
hi my background check is pending passed drug test and did i9 today is nov 17 will i be able to start on nov 30th still
i get so annoyed when people come upstairs to be a line straightener and help with downstacking and then act surprised and angry when they get moved for not doing their job.

 i work as a slam operator which means i'm the one on the radio helping to clear jams and fix any problems with the conveyors that comes up. 

we need line straighteners who will also help downstack while the operators fix jams, push carts back and forth, and help sort out the full carts to people who's lines are moving. well people get sent upstairs and then end up getting sent back downstairs cause they're not doing their job helping to clear the line while flow is yelling at us through the radio saying so and so's line is backed up😭 then they get mad at us operators for moving them back downstairs and replacing them with people who do help

normally we're pretty chill about the work up there but if you're not helping to downstack you're gonna get moved back down 😭 especially when lines are clogged and the sorters are down

So I transferred to flex. My department is pack. I went to schedule my shift and all I’m seeing is sort, which I have never done and don’t even know what that is. And under pack it says training required??? I’ve been trained in pack I’m confused
So my work week is Sunday-Wednesday i work overnights 6:30pm till 5 am. Since I "technically" work 12 am-5am on Thanksgiving will I still get holiday pay?

What's the best no-cut insole? I just worked 4.5 hours and my feet are killing me, mostly in the ball of my foot. I've used the Dr. Scholls half inserts, but they don't extend far enough to provide passing where I need it. 

I have ADHD and any time I have tried the kind you cut to size, I always mess up the cut. I'm so bothered by the not fitting properly that.cant wear them.
I recently got a interview, it’s being held today but at another building. I emailed them asking if a web interview or phone interview would be possible since I’m at a different building location. Would they be able to? It’s my first time climbing up the ladder so I don’t know what to expect. Any tips?
So I know Thanksgiving will be holiday pay. 1.5x if you work day of. My question is, if I’m scheduled to work that day, but instead use my upt hours to take it off, will I still get the holiday pay?

Recruiter Told Me The Site I Applied for No Longer Has TOM Support ? Any Reason This Could Be ?

We are doing a family reunion for Christmas this year that we had planned since March and we'll be driving to Colorado. I started working at my sortation center as part time (20 hours) mid october and I was wondering if I can use my upt to cover the week without getting in trouble. I do have over 20 hours of upt already so thats enough for 1 week of working. I just don't want to get fired for using my upt 4 days in a row.
What happen to Den4 shutting down for 12 hours?

I will be hired as part time weekend with differential pay. If I pick up positions during the week, will I be paid the same differential pay?
What if you worked at Amazon and you have no write ups. One day you was going through the metal detectors and you never heard it go off nor did security call you.Then you get fired b/c they said you refused to go to secondary screening. who’s wrong?
I am a rehire. I resigned earlier this year, and am going through all the steps to get rehired now. They told me I don't need a pre-hire appointment this time, no drug test, they already have my i9. I picked my shift and have a "tentative" start date for 11/20. I did all this on 11/4. As of two minutes ago, my background check is still pending. It's NEVER taken this long before. What do?
They’ve put me in the auto-induct position, and I'm not kidding; trust me, there is nothing to do except staring at the belt for 10 straight hours.

You just have to make sure all the belts are running and replace the packages on the conveyor if they get thrown out by the sensor. Which are not even 4 or 5 packages per hour.

Should I be scared of being placed in such an easy job? Are they planning to terminate me?

P.S. Previously, I was packing, and my rate was also good.
What do I need to go into leadership or a leadership type role at amazon?
I applied for this sortation center since it’s part time + seasonal, I picked out this shift but I’m kinda confused , does it mean Saturdays I work 2 shifts but sundays and mondays only 1:30-5:30pm?
This it’s an off topic question but what headphones do you use?(asking just for curiosity)
And they will get those cat 1 violations absolved by Lord Bezos in 1-5 years and be able to reapply and rehired. 
Starting a shift as a seasonal, which starts at 730.

Apparently they're making employees come in at 630.

I can't come in that early as I must drop my kid off at daycare at 630. I can come in at 7.

So, what do? They used to spread the extra hour at the beginning and the end of the shifts.
I am on LOA and my expected return to work day is tomorrow Nov 15 my schedule is updated the only day it shows I don’t work is tomorrow , however I think we have MET tomorrow but I am not scheduled what do I do?
I was on LOA and it ended today Nov 14 it says to return to work Nov 15 or on my next scheduled shift I’m not scheduled for Nov 15 even tho we should be there because it’s MET what should I do? Show up tomorrow or until Thursday?
Any old fart willing to spread some wisdom and hacks to a young fart about flex? I work at a AR facility in a pretty big city. I have school every other week and would like to go all in one week in Amazon then the next week dedicate it to my studies. Any tip, recommendation, hacks and etc is welcome from anybody flex or no flex.

I do have one question. If I pick up shift for next week Sunday and it’s a Night Shift with no premium, if they end up offering premium on the day of the shift will I receive the premium or would it be locked in at base?
I just got terminated for watching a PA get hurt and I need to know if it’s wrongful termination or not. Here’s how it went down, I was a pallet runner at the start of shift on an empty floor, so seeing as that nobody was going to be staffed for the next 40 minutes, I decided to go upstairs to meet with someone. When I went up, I saw two AAs rough-housing with each other which I clarified to them that I wanted nothing to do with them and that I only wanted to go see someone. Unfortunately, the person I was meeting was also at the scene of the incident and we were both bystanders to one of those AAs hurting the PA. The PA was doing his morning work on his laptop but unfortunately wasn’t ready for their game of catch (they threw a football and it landed in his eye but wasn’t able to react in time) and had to leave immediately after being struck. He also wasn’t aware that I happened to be there at the time (nothing notable came up after that). Forward to the next day and I had already assumed the managers knew since it’s a PA that got hurt and I tell HR in the interview that I had nothing to do with him getting hurt only that I saw it happen and they put me on suspension. In typical Amazon fashion I had to remind them to stop updating my schedule to come back in when I’m suspended, and even when I did HR would tell me to go back home and wait for an email. Then I get the email telling me I’ve been terminated because I didn’t tell a manager that I saw those two AAs goofing around which led the whole incident in the first place. There we have it, as best as I can tell and sorry if I may have mixed something up, I’ll give further details as required. Is this wrongful termination or not?

Edit: I was fired for not reporting the rough housing to be a little more clear. Still a bystander.
I usually wear size 4.5 for Nike. The one which I ordered was big for me. So I found **only one** items for size 4 on Zappos. But Zappos said the Amazon credit code **doesn't cover** for that one. So what am I supposed to do? Do I have to **pay out of my pocket** on Amazon? 
I’m currently really depressed and don’t know how to make the days stop dragging on I’ve tried music but i have a write up for earbuds for a couple months ago so if anyone says listen to music or podcast I can’t my fc is cracking down on phones and earbuds hard. I don’t know how I’m gonna keep getting through everyday stuck with my thoughts…if anyone has any suggestions please? I am dreading this peak….
It’s so irritating when you’re on the mech and 2 of the coworkers are just fooling around and doing nothing; while we are getting super busy with the boxes. 🙃
I’m currently finishing up my TOM Team training and I’m not gonna lie, I’m very very anxious to get out on the yard for the first time.

Now I’m very excited to drive, I’m very comfortable behind the wheel and controlling the trailer, but what’s bugging me is the whole pre trip and post trip situation. My trainer went over everything with my class, but she also went back and forth with certain things. She’ll tell us “this is how Amazon does it” and then turn around and say “it really depends on your TAM” like which is it???

Another thing, all the instructors I’ve met have all said “a lot of people mess up and end up getting fired, so make sure yall are paying attention to what you’re doing” like what do you mean sir??? 

I don’t wanna freak out over this, but my question for Reddit today is how easy is it to get fired from TOM Team? Is it as easy as people say it is?
I start Nov 19 and everything's ready to go, but my MET day isn't shown on hiring.amazon.com, the Employee Resource Center doesn't know it, and I cannot log into AtoZ with my old username to check there (I worked for Amazon before, was terminated in July).

What gives?

Do you get vto opportunities often and i know we are in peak season but I mean any other time of the year.
Also Amazon: There are no openings at your station
Ok so will I win my appeal???

I left work on the 15th due to my dad unexpected death. I took bereavement 16,17,18 I called erc asked for more time which was granted to me! I return back to work on the 29th uploaded the obituary for proof it was denied as a document that put me negative 35 hours the money I took out on early pay I had to pay back than I was terminated
What makes unloaders unload as if they’re going for the high speed record. Don’t get me wrong, I can keep up it’s just I’m constantly stopping the belt when a package is upside down or the label is not visible. A lot of times the jiffy’s overlap and I’m missing quite a few causing me to stop the belt as well. So what’s the deal?
Can we still submit Covid leave? How many days is it for
I’m trying to figure out which location is the right one. When I Google Amazon HSX2 the 4829 address shows up, but when I Google Amazon eisenhauer the 4825 address shows up. Anyone sure of which building it’s located in? Please let me know if you do.

Thanks in advance!
I work at an Amazon sort center. The other day, I was at jackpot problem solve and I started getting wrong building packages. It was so much, I filled up 5 tall gaylords. 

How do wrong building packages happen?
I think that's how the pay periods work, just making sure.


Im gonna start soon in this location ,has anyone work here before how was there experience here ? Or what should i expect ..Lmkkkk
( For night shift seasonal @8:30pm to 12:30pm.)
I just quit cause I can’t do mornings and it’s part time seasonal (24 hours) a week. I applied for a loa cause I didn’t want to do the last day and I had 2 hours of upt left. Was wondering will my if it would matter cause I still wanna reapply when a full time night shift Is available
I got fired like 2 months ago and I was wondering if I can get rehired as a blue badge again? Or am I only rehireable as a white badge?
I have a quick question if I pick up a shift and leave early will it be held against me.
I am confused about flatiron boot camp for cyber security how can you get a job without a college degree? Is it worth doing the boot camp or vs going to WGU for a degree?

I couldn’t really find a straight answer for this but if for whatever reason you don’t show up to work for the whole week (or longer) and you’re not using PTO. How does that work with the payment of your benefits? Because if they take the benefits pay out of your paycheck and you don’t work and don’t have a paycheck for a week, how does your benefits get paid? My DS offered VTO the whole week last week and I took it (I have a second job so doesn’t matter to me). But I was thinking about how that works paying my benefits. Tried searching on here and didn’t really find anything.
Hi, trying to buy some shoes on Zappos....I am new to this safety shoe thing...I see a shoe that is osha approved has toe protection, tested for electric and slip hazard, but doesn't have shank. 

Don't really understand the concept of shank.....is shank important for fulfilment worker shoes?

Thank you!
Are we required to work Christmas and thanksgiving?
What’s the starting pay like for warehouse?

I’m about to start my 4th week being at Amazon and people have told me different things about changing departments. I’ve heard 1 month, 2-3 months, 1 month of being blue badge, and after peak season (when is the end of peak season?) I really want to transfer to stow or sort because I used to work at another amazon location where I would pack, rebin, and induct so I’m used to having to worry about rates and I feel I did just fine considering they made me blue badge. I unfortunately had to leave because I got really sick and had to take a break from working and just other things in life kept coming up. Anyways back to the point.. I just feel like I won’t get noticed to convert to blue badge just being in the trucks working with other people and I know it seems silly but I just can’t figure out the best way to stack these boxes properly and it puts a toll on my body having to lift them above my shoulders (I do use the ladder and I’m just a weak girl 😭). I even considered transferring to receive dock because people say you don’t have to really think you just take them out the truck and put them on the conveyor belt. Does anyone have advice on what I should do to possibly expedite the process of changing departments if it’s even possible? Also, what are your opinions about being in receive dock, stow, and sort? I already applied to transfer to stow and receive dock but they’re flex shifts so I’m not even sure if they’ll approve it since I heard a lot of people want to do flex in my warehouse.
Got a 7k sign on for relocation and a 5k sign on as well. Looking to quit about 4 months in for a better job offer. 

Do I have to pay the pre tax amounts back? Like I know I got the $7k straight up, but the $5k was taxed before I got it. How would that work with me repaying it? I already know about the prorated payment back but I don’t understand if I have to pay the pre or post tax $5k back at a prorated rate, as well as the $7k
[YouTube](https://youtu.be/uAV-RR9JYgM?si=dL5nzqauBvUqTXQM)

One of the replies comes from a delivery driver for a DSP at a delivery station. Remarks that the security at their delivery station is "abysmal." "You could put on any reflective vest and walk through the back and nobody will question you."

Really blows my mind that security at every delivery station I've worked at is nonexistent outside of needing a badge to go through the front doors unless the loadout doors are open. I've been at one FC and one SC and security is right there.
GUESS WHOS BACK
I got a buddy who recently started at Amazon and they need a knee brace. They kinda jacked up their knee during their first week of training.

They tried the Copperfit sleeve (that kept rolling down) and some random brand brace from Target but non of those work.

Any reccommendations are appreciated.
After a whole bunch of flaming on fire hoops to jump through, I'm *FINALLY* starting at the Fulfillment Center on 12/3. Jesus H Christ I never thought I'd be here typing this 😂

My shift will be Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday from 5:15pm-4:00am. What overtime day usually tacks on with this schedule? 

What will I be doing during these hours and my shift? 

I can't believe I get to start at the FC I wanted from the very start. I was supposed to start the 29th at a delivery station as seasonal because the onboarding process, mainly background check, was dragging out and there weren't any more slots at the FC. So thankful I popped on and checked for shits and giggles, it was surprisingly easy submitting an application with all of everything on file already 😁
I use my badge but my punches don't always go through.

I'm upset because today, I clocked out late (stayed a few minutes) now my punch is missing
I put in a transfer the thing is I’m negative 12 upt will it cancel my transfer I’m planning on leaving amazon but I want the transfer will that also cancel my transfer?
Hey y’all, so I used to work for amazon at a distribution warehouse for about a year a couple years ago during the pandemic. I worked there for about a year, and was never able to become a blue badge in time so I ultimately left. I worked as a LA too. 

Anyways, I recently applied for a lead role with an Amazon go near me. And to my surprise, they actually want to interview me next Tuesday. Does anyone know if the shifts at the retail stores are similar to shifts at the warehouse? I worked Sun-Thurs with set hours at my warehouse, and everyone had set days and shifts. Is the retail going to be the same? Or should I expect to be moved around shifts as needed if I get the job, like other retail jobs? Any info on this position would help me out a ton. Or any tips for the interview besides knowing leadership principles.. unless that’s really all I need.
I have a colleagues who started at facility where they sort big/heavy items. How does he transfer over to a different site? He started this week as casual seasonal.
Can somebody tell me that what type of work in this building and is really hard like heavy lifting???
If you get to work late, does it still come out as 15 minute intervals of UPT taken off? because I went to give an  in form of lateness due to the interstate being blocked off due to an over tipped semi, which added 30 minutes to my journey causing me to be about 30 minutes late may be 35 and when I went to put in the inform of absence, it told me iUPTt would always be taken out in one hour increments due to punch in and punch out times can someone explain this to me or is this just a correction on the app that needs to be fixed?
Show of hands who’s here from SMF3 SCK6 SCK4 SCK1 OAK4 SCK9 🫡🫡
Quick  Background:
I’m like day 18 of the job, current path is picking & it’s really great for me right now but I want to see if I can realistically climb this ladder and potentially switch over to corporate. I already have a Bachelor’s in Business Administration-Acct & I’m 3 credits shy of my Masters but I just don’t know what that path would look like ? Any tips ?
I was wondering how the job is at HSX2 in San Antonio, Texas. I will be working from 11PM-4AM. My start date is November 20th. Also, does anyone know what building that HSX2 is in?
Seriously I've had one actual shift (training) and every other day I'll be labor shared into Decant where there are no stations and I wait a while between getting WIP because there are already too many fucking people. The last time they sent me down there, I was standing around with like 30 other people waiting for work for an hour and a half. They finally dragged these tiny rickety tables and had us working two to a table lol  

Mofos never heard of VTO 🤷‍♀️
Just finished my 4 days of “training” and tonight is my first shift alone without an ambassador and can I just say do learning ambassadors know anything? At my sortation center they barely taught me anything and were very all over the place and scatter brained. The only things I actually know how to do is staging and non con. I just feel very unprepared for my first shift alone…. I’m sure I’ll be good but damn they’re all very unaware. The learning ambassador I had on my 4th day training had 7 of us at once so poor guy was running around trying to help us but I really didn’t learn sh*t. Especially because he was going over all the things I had already learned the day before. There was also a lot of standing around waiting for him cause he was running all over trying to keep us all busy. 
Anyways, whenever I see an ambassador they’re just at a computer or standing around talking to each other. Even my learning trainer on my day 1 didn’t even know what she was doing like don’t they do this stuff regularly? Most of them have been ambassadors and trainers for years too. Maybe I’m just at a crappy SC because damn they’re all so clueless.
What is this lol
Question; I’ve been waiting on my background check to done. I’ve submit it during my in person orientation 11/4 and my first day is 11/13.

My drug test just passed 2 days ago. My background check is still pending. How long does it usually take? I called in and they said to wait. That I can extend my start day and etc. but I don’t see an option for it. I don’t want to lose this position because the time works with my schedule. I’ve been freaking out! Anyone been through this?

This is for the sortation center as well.
$62.5k salary, L4. Couldn’t get a specific number from my payment statements


 Just checked into my Amazon job portal to see my status on my shift at a sort center. I filled out the employment paper after getting the email to right after applying for the job about a week ago. Job says its confirmed date and everything. I am a recent alumni so I did not have to do a prehire appointment, drug test,etc. all of that is complete so I thought I was chilling until my First Day. For the past week, it says I did my entire checklist and the employment paper was filled and completed, all I needed do was order my shoes with the code they gave me. I thought I was good. I check in tonight too see that the employment paper work on the checklist is locked, unavailable, and still asking me to complete it??? I can still order my safety shoes and I am already planning to call ERC tomorrow or whatever number you're suppose to call for this type of situation. It still says my date is confirmed. Im just really confused why it would just go away like that. I try to go back to the initial emails asking me to fill out the paperwork but it says there are no documents linked to my account?? Has this happened to anybody else? Do I just wait for my Day 1 and tell HR? 
How long after day 1 were your benefits active?
What is “imputed” mean on Amazon pay? I know what gift imputed is. Amazon adds “imputed” on paystub then turns around and takes it out under benefits…..I’m confused and no one can help me with an answer.
Are you thinking about quitting Amazon ?

Is there anything Amazon could do better to keep you working ?

Did you know you were going to quit Amazon before working there ?

Would you recommend a friend or family members to work for Amazon? 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Amazon has 150% Annual Employee Turnover rate.

Everyone I worked with aside from a few in hr all quit thousands and thousands of co workers left my location in the 2 years I was employed there . upper level management actually has it worse due to the fact that there's not much room for advancement and the majority of time the people who are working at headquarters are always outside hires not internal hires unless there's some arbitration agreement with a current employee who was wronged and gets promoted to off staying costly litigation.. I I suspect the reason why Amazon does this is because the working conditions and the way they treat their employees is so egregious that the company doesn't feel comfortable with promoting them..

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

leaked confidential Amazon documents that were prepared earlier this year. Endgadget said the information showed that the online retailer has an annual employee turnover rate of 150%—double the industry average—costing the company and its shareholders $8 billion annually.

“If employees do not feel valued or do not envision a long-term future for themselves at Amazon, if jobs are available, they will seek employment elsewhere. Every employee that leaves Amazon takes with him or her valuable firm-specific human capital,” he observed.“This includes knowledge and experience that is specific to Amazon that will need to be retrained all over again when hiring replacement workers. Amazon will need to conduct some frank introspection in order to determine the underlying causes of the mass employee departures and consider how to restructure their workplace so that employees feel sufficiently valued,”

&#x200B;

[https://www.forbes.com/sites/edwardsegal/2022/10/24/amazon-responds-to-release-of-leaked-documents-showing-150-annual-employee-turnover/?sh=415c705e1d0b](https://www.forbes.com/sites/edwardsegal/2022/10/24/amazon-responds-to-release-of-leaked-documents-showing-150-annual-employee-turnover/?sh=415c705e1d0b)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
can you transfer from fc to wfh? i’ve been really sick and it would accommodate me better i feel but i don’t know if that’s an option or what the site code for transfer would even be OR if you have any idea about more stationary roles i could transfer into or be on the lookout for lmk! 
Pulling into to work, there is a strike going on at either bwi2 or bwi5... Where was my memo!!??
I recently got a school accommodation and I got it to clock in an hour later than expected. Do I have to go to managers every time or would there be an assignment for me already. Distribution center btw
If it's what I think it is, I can not imagine it going well with all you horny teenagers in there at once.
I start with FlexPT in a couple days. Was scrolling through the clock app and saw someone mentioned they make $1100 in three days with Flex schedule. Is that really possible? If so, how? Trying to decide if I should try to get FT w/benefits or just stay with FlexPT.


Here is the video I saw https://www.tiktok.com/t/ZT8DFUmvS/
My learning ambassador was like I lost 60 pounds since working here and that’s awesome but also like 🥲 HOW HARD WERE YOU WORKED . I’m 3 weeks in and I’ve lost 3 pounds . I did want to drop about 20 before getting hired 3 weeks ago hahah . I’d like to be a water spider or something with more walking next
So I worked at 8:30 PM to 12:30 AM shift but they have an opening for 3 PM to 7 PM. Do they do the same things that we do during our shift or is it different roles? 

I am looking to add the earlier shift so I can do a double that day


I'm dreading peak season...even though on my time off I've been taking the vet...it's so addictive, almost like the vtos I've been doing both. But now peak season is approaching , stress will be high, I have no time to skip any shifts, uggghh...I hope the weather isn't so bad that will make the season even harder...uggh...
New amazon FC worker, does anyone know if part timers have MET days during peak?
Hi I work at a sort center. I’m a recent college hire and new to the industry. I’m not sure if this is a normal occurrence for all sort centers, but I was curious because it seems strange and borderline frustrating for me. 

I work the DAY/TWI shift. I usually arrive work at 7:30  to be on time for the presort meeting. The earliest I can go home is usually 7-7:30pm. But it is normally 8-8:30pm. On rare and unlucky occasions I go home at around 9pm. No exaggerations at all. 

My question is, is it normal to be in the building 12-13 hours on a regular basis? I know they say that we are salaried employees and are required to work overtime whenever needed, but it just doesn’t make sense to me that I’m spending 50 hours at work a week when all the documents say the workload and expected working hours is 40 hours. 

Is this normal?
What’s does 6pm-4:30am do at the station ?
I got hired on at a delivery station starting 11/29, seasonal but I heard you get hired on as regular if your attendance is good 🙏 my issue is, the pay on my details shows $19 and on MyDocs it says "base pay $17.25"

HUH?!
Is anyone familiar with this shift and if so what can I expect? I start next week and have been looking up lots of information but haven't seen anyone talk about this shift. I initially thought I would be in a fulfillment center since that's what the application said but after the pre hire appointment realized it would be a delivery station.
Any tips? Or ideas on what i can expect?
Do white badges not get insurance ? I was told when I was hired I would be converted to a blue badge in 30-45 days .after 2 months I asked and they told me that there is a freeze on converting to blue badge until after peek.  The trainer in our first day class has told all of her classes this . So does that mean I can’t get insurance one person in HR told me after 90 days and another told me not until I’m a blue badge . I feel like HR never has answers like they don’t know shit when you ask and you always get a different answer . I need insurance if I’m not gonna get them I’m out .
Are y'all allowed to clear arsaw jams at pick stations at your current fulfillment center? Only managers and PA's are allowed to clear them at my FC. I was just curious how it is everywhere else.
What was some of the most outrageous injuries you seen or had at your location ? 
Can you pick up a vet shift and then show up late to that shift if you have upt to cover it without any repercussions?
Can anybody is working as RMN3 Mechatronic Apprentice I ?
Can somebody tell me that is it very heavy lifting jo??
I referred my friend to join my shift at Amazon . He went to the pre-hire last month and he passed the drug test. But the background check is as of today still pending. When I did my pre-hire, my background and drug tests came back the next day. I have a clean record. But my friend does have 2 felonies. Although I know people at work that have felonies and still work there so I’m not sure what the problem is? Is this normal for the hold up? I checked first advantage and they never even ran his background.(says not found in the last 180 days). I take it he’s not gonna be able to show up tomorrow? Also what happens to the day 1 start date? Does he basically lose the shift now?
I was a college hire and got my L5 in about a year. My degree is in accounting and I am looking make a career change. If you were in a similar position, what job did you get when you left?
Hi there I have not been hired on yet by Amazon but I've been wanting to weigh my options on what would be a good position I should apply for! A lot of the jobs say that you might have to work from heights and I am a bit terrified of heights. Is there certain jobs yall would say that never has to deal with heights? I'm pretty much fine with everything else on the job descriptions. Thank you in advance!
Hello, next week will be my first day at an XL Delivery Warehouse. My orientation is from 4.30 am till 9.30 am on two days. This is a 19 h Flex Time position.

What is the shift schedule like? Is it always early morning and late night? Will there be day shifts available and is it hard to get those shifts?

I read that normally people can pick up more hours depending on the workload.

Is this normally the case for the XL delivery warehouse or is this just for the FC ans SC?

Thank you
Hey, I was wondering what the 3:30am- 7:30am shift job responsibilities are. I start next week and want to be prepared a little before going in. It is a Flex position at a sortation center.
Has anyone tried for this loan, This loan is supposed to be easier this  year, any thought on this
"With great power comes great responsibility!" 

We're the grease to Amazon's treads! Keep at it! 💪💪

Recent external college AM hire, totally new to Amazon. My building is a gigantic FC and I’m currently learning how to be an AM in RSP which tbh is really mainly Stow/Pick. I know that AMs eventually get shifted around other areas/shift times and was wondering if there were any other areas in an FC building that I might like more. I’m secretly hoping that I might get moved to shipdock in the future as it’s a much more peaceful area of my FC. 

I’m also wondering if there are other roles that I could laterally transfer to that would be more suited to my personality type. Being an AM is definitely a learning experience because I’m otherwise very quiet/introverted and not very super cheery/sociable, but after my year contract ends I don’t think I’d want to AM for another year as it’s very high stress + there’s no overtime/extra financial incentives (salaried).
It will be argued by the Corporate and Senior Operations Leaders at Amazon that the concept & practice of “Mandatory Extra Time” imposed on associates is a necessary proponent of Customer Fulfillment.

It will be brought up that our customers rely heavily on our fulfillment services during holiday seasons and otherwise internally conceptualized, promoted and advertised events such as Prime Day & “October Prime Day 2”.

One of the very first things we consent to with our employment as hourly associates is an “ability to work overtime as required”.

We are also introduced to Amazon’s Leadership Principles, one of which is “Disagree and Commit” and is why I am choosing to speak out on the objective fact that “Mandatory Extra Time” is unnecessary, unethical, and should be abolished.

Amazon is making promises and commitments to our customer’s that it is unable to adequately fulfill during these busy times. These additional & unnecessary commitments are being made at the expense of our well-being.

While it is expected that varying holiday seasons produce heavy workloads throughout all of retail and other industries, Amazon is going well out of it’s way to promote and advertise unnecessary and internally conceptualized events such as “Prime” and our new “Prime Day 2”.

These internally conceptualized events have been made quite profitable over the years through Amazon’s effective and powerful marketing strategies that it continuously develops and utilizes.

These profits are not something that has ever been shared downstream to the frontline workers that make any of this possible though and on the contrary, the extra workload that is being imposed by our Leaders is at the expense and disregard for the mental and physical tole it takes on us all overall as the workers responsible for fulfilling all the extra orders and commitments.

Our Leaders have only ever told us that our work is appreciated however in actuality, we are not compensated appropriately for these extremely demanding and exhausting times that we are mandated to work through and endure for the sake of the objective corporate greed.

Amazon actively and in the past has utilized many different employment tactics that already have the potential capacity to support the self-imposed massive workloads that it creates for itself and imposes on it’s frontline workers.

Flex Shifts, Surged VET, Double-Time OT and “White Badges” are all ethical & viable options of many more that I am sure our corporation can come up with that can and should be fully utilized without ever the “need” for imposing the unethical practice of MET.

My own Site Leader (\*\*\*\*) boasts boldly that “We (Amazon) are the Leaders of this Industry”.

Amazon with what it is now and the stake and claim it holds within our society at large today, is now more than ever capable of doing right by it’s own frontline who tirelessly and through non-ideal practices (MET) now and in the past have made it possible for it to succeed in this industry from A-to-Z.

It should never be a “necessity” or mandated of any of us to be forced to work outside of our normal schedules for the sake of needlessly ramping-up sales, profits, and shares at the associate’s expense.

Our valuable time and lives are being unethically ripped away from us by the Leaders of Amazon.

**MET is unethical**; We all have families, homes, responsibilities, and passions & Behind the Smile is a Human, not a shipping metric or profit margin.
In my personal opinion eventually Amazon former and current employees will most likely receive some sort of compensation in the future due to the working conditions that are happening to Amazon workers.

While this hasn't happened yet it will most likely happen eventually in the future.in my personal opinion based on my years of experience working at Amazon 

Is a current employee what can you do? Make sure you document all work related accidents work related incidents audio video send emails to yourself that will give the date and time along with workers that could possibly be witnesses there is a never-ending amount of people throughout the internet that have had workplace injuries where Amazon is not taking care of their responsibilities is an employer.

&#x200B;

Every Amazon location has different management and a different management style at the location that I worked at there were employees that wear diapers they shut down the drinking water stations there were employees that were passing out from heat exhaustion there are numerous workplace injuries an employee's felt pressured by Management in safety team members to continue working , I personally have witnessed so many incidences in regards to people who don't understand English and we're getting taken advantage of by management while I was employed there there were numerous managers about every few weeks because the old managers got fired or quit for quite obvious reasons I believe Amazon does this purposely so the employers in the workforce will not unionize so workers will always be upset with their managers while not knowing what is truly the bigger picture and the issues going on..

Personally I would not recommend anybody to work for this company or shop at this company. I think if people really understood what is happening most people would do the moral thing and not shop there and most definitely it's not worth working there however if you are working there make sure you protect yourself at all times safety is the number one concern while working at any place make sure if you get injured you document everything audio video send emails to yourself don't feel pressured like you did something wrong or made a mistake because you got hurt on the job and they're pressuring you to go back to work.

&#x200B;

I have lots of other incidences to talk about that happen while I was working at a warehouse for almost 2 years..

What is some Amazon former employees or current employees opinion about this? Do you think eventually in the future they will be some sort of class action settlement for current workers and former workers due to the working conditions at Amazon locations?

&#x200B;

What's been some of the biggest issues that you've seen at your Amazon location? Did you have any recourse by contacting Amazon corporation? Have you tried to unionize your location? What is your opinion about Amazon workers unionizing?

&#x200B;
If youre seasonal you’ll get laid off if you’re not in the “in” group at amazon. Its a popularity contest don’t believe you’ll get converted after peak…
Just curious.
Hi! Can someone help me compare the differences between the full time benefits and part time benefits? I may soon be going to part time and I want to know what exactly i may lose. Thanks!
Former employee here and need employment verification for my mortgage lender, they asked for a phone number/email or employer code?
Before becoming a learning ambassador what does the paper that the learning trainers make you sign say exactly? Cause I’m confused about what it said and was practically rushed into signing it.
Is this normal? Yesterday was my day one, my second shift is in 3 hours.

Also, is there any reason that i shouldn't accept the Blue badge?

I had read that it takes usually 30 days or more to be converted
I was terminated for point violation (even though my manager said he'll take care of it for me whatever not mad at him) when I reapply if I'm hired back do I have to go through the training again or will my "day one" just be a normal day
Can I use my UPT hours after my lunch? And do I have to tell anyone that I'm leaving after lunch?
Hard quit and haven’t done a shift since last Saturday……apparently Amazon has 0 standards😭
When does peak normally start for sorting centers?
Hi everyone,

I have my first shift on Wednesday the 15th. I've had an extremely difficult year physically and mentally and unfortunately had another miscarriage just a few days ago. My Drs. suspect complications so I will need to take some time off right when I start. I have to work on the 15th because I NEED the insurance so I can't push back my start date. I was hoping to use UPTO or any leave I can for the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th day of work if possible. My current shifts are Wed, Thurs, Fri, Sat 7:00 am-5:30 pm. I know it's peak season, and I'm not sure how fast I can use my leave or unpaid time after starting... literally 1 day.

Can anyone help reassure me?
It's weird that for the last 3 months, I've been hearing/seeing people on TikTok ( I'm new to this Reddit page) that their stuff is being gone through and or stolen, but each time the person goes to security the cameras are down and have been down for days.
I swear it’s either I’m good to go or it goes off. I’m wearing the same stuff every work day
I was wondering if anybody knew the whole jury duty situation. I have jury duty at 8AM. I work from 11AM to 7:30PM and was wondering if I don’t end up getting chosen and they send me home, but I do report to court if I go back to work after court or if I take the rest of day off. I’m in California, thank you!
Do we have Christmas Day off? A-Z says it’s a holiday but I am scheduled to work on Christmas Day 7:30 pm-11:30 pm.
Hey guys, good to be apart of the group! I’m a 26yo male starting Amazon delivery next week. I think I got the jest of it but would like pointers and advice. I know it’s supposed to be busy season soon and am looking to get overtime during these coming months, what can I expect? Any advice on meal prepping? Do employees really pee in bottles? Anything helps, thanks!
I recently applied to the opening for donut shift on A to Z under transfer opportunities and I am just wondering what my chances of it being approved are and how long it usually takes to be approved? I am not transferring departments in staying in the same department just applying to a different schedule. I also have 0 points and write ups if that makes a difference. 

Thanks in advance.
Kind of confused as to how overnight shifts work. If I go in at 10pm on a Monday night and clock out at 8:45am on Tuesday morning does that count as me working 2 days or 1? Also, if I do this continuously for 6 days does that mean when I reach my Saturday night shift - again from 10pm to 8:45am I will have worked 7 days because I’d be there until Sunday? 

Back Story:
I was sent home last night after only being there for 2 hours. Clocked in at 10pm on Saturday but was told I needed to leave at 11:59pm because I came in Monday and couldn’t work 7 days.
Was told by a manager that overnight shifts are connected and therefore 1. I can’t go over 12 hours and can’t work 7 days

I was under the impression that because the scheduled shift starts on Saturday for example anything I do after that even if it goes in Sunday would still ONLY count for Saturday

Any HR partners/managers that have any insight on this would be greatly appreciated, thanks!!!

It was for UPT but before I quit UPT is in good standing
Shift code is DA7-0900
My site just started installing shitty lidar units on order pickers that are intended to stop people from running into pallet racks. This is in addition to the electronic wire guidance systems that already do so. However unlike the wire guidance systems, there is no manual override switch so you cant tell the system "ive got it from here" and it will trigger false positives.  There is an anoying audio/visual alert that plays and it slows the machine to 1mph (regardless of how far away the object is, how fast your going ect). I was in a VNA and it detected something and abruptly just slowed down without warning. As someone whos spent ~3000hrs on OP this is anoying, insulting and probably a bit unsafe. Im also wondering if there exist at other sites, I might transfer just to avoid driving with them.
Do all FC’s follow the same general shape? I get worried when I see thousands of posts that look like they’re from my site lmao
Does any other site have these guys on guard protecting the packages? What do you think about this overall?
I’ve talked to hr numerous times, I gave up on getting stone walled by them and just reported it to DoL. I’m not an expert at labor laws so I guess I wanted some opinions
When does sorting centers get MET?
My first day is coming up this week and I'll be at TNS site GEG2. At the prehire appointment, they gave me a plastic badge holder thing with a little paper QR code to use if I want to refer a friend, am I supposed to take in the badge holder part with me on my first day to hold my ID and will they give me my ID right away? 
-My shift starts at 7:30AM, and I want to make sure I've been shown how to clock in and everything, would arriving at the door at 7:00 be too early? 
-Should I bring in my own clear bag to bring in my wallet, phone, keys etc since I won't be driving and won't have a car to store things in? 
-Will they let me bring in a lunch box/baf that isn't clear, water bottle, etc? 
-Does it generally stay warm inside the warehouses even during the colder months (I'm in Washington state) or does it get freezing? I tend to feel overheated easily but not sure how to dress beyond my safety shoes, cargo pants (not warm), a t shirt and zip up hoodie. 
-Do they provide locks for lockers or do I bring my own? 
Thanks so much, any answers or general advice for this type of facility is appreciated, I'm excited but quite nervous! 🙂
 I'm curious as to the type of building I'll be working in, and what is pit equipment? TIA
What’s the craziest thing you’ve seen while working at Amazon ? I’ll go first 

Today me and my friend were in our lunch and there was a guy with a whole ass cheese grated grating his cheese on top of his salad 💀
Last time i got fired, i had to wait 200 days jobless.. i was struggling. God forbid something happens again, can you quit/resign and reapply? I need to switch my location anyways! This warehouse I’m at is destroying me😣
Anyone know if RSU will still pay out if you’re on LOA?
I had my pre hire appointment 10/22, drug test came back 10/24 it's 11/4 Amazon is STILL reviewing my background check. I start 11/8. I was supposed to start 11/1 but I had to push back my start date because of all this mess. First Advantage finished the background check 11/1 Amazon had it in their hands by 6am 11/1. I've called so many times to have this escalated and they say "it'll be ready before your Day 1 please wait more time". For some reason I'm having a hard time believing them. 

😖😖😖😖

I hope this message finds you well. I'm currently exploring job opportunities at Amazon that require an MBA degree, and I was wondering if you might have some insights or suggestions, especially if you have any prior experience working at Amazon or a similar journey.

As I was initially interested in the Pathways program, I couldn't find it available at the moment. However, I'm keen to discover other opportunities within Amazon that align with my MBA qualifications


They’re literally bringing them in 2 days before and 2 days after thanksgiving.

 I’m curious if this heightens or lessens my chances of converting over. What’s everyone else’s experience with being seasonal and having more seasonals (full or part-time) coming in and how it affects/affected your conversions as a seasonal to permanent. 

I was brought in just after Prime day was over. That said, apparently my set of 6 was the only new hires for day shift since January. Not sure if any of that is important but I wanted to include it. The new hires now are 2 sets for night and 1 set of day shifters. 

I also recently learned the conversion portal is no longer used so I’m a bit sad about that.


i quit for a month & had my first day back yesterday. i’m wondering if they’ll make me sit thru the PIT classes again tonight or send me to train on pick? i was stow before , so i know ill have to do some training, but just wondering if anyone knows if they’ll make me do PIT classes again tonight
I understand how UPT works and how it’s accumulated. But I don’t understand PTO accumulation.

Hi everyone! So I normally work construction in the union but there’s no work this time of year so I was thinking about applying at the new Amazon that opened down the road from me and working there until construction picked back up. My question is with that sign on bonus if I leave before 180 days do I have to pay it back? If so can I turn down the bonus? Realistically I would probably be there more than 180 days (not sure if that’s how long you need to stay to get it im just assuming) but it just depends on my union work

I am very upset I shift swapped my Friday for Wednesday my extra day of MET they accept it and then later added me to the schedule on Friday what can I do? Or can they even do that
My schedule shows a shift on Christmas Day. I assumed the facility would be closed - Does it differ by facility?

Don’t forget to set those clocks back this Sunday, Nov. 5th.
So, I'm a recent new hire at Amazon, but I have prior experience from my time at other jobs and namely the military in leadership, management, logistics, and training. I always like to develop myself further and want to prove myself, and I have an L3 Internal Application that's marked "Under consideration" and I applied for Ambassador.   


I approached my AM about doing optional KNET trainings, where he directed me to Learning, and Learning said they to be ASSIGNED to me? Can I not do any optional trainings of my own free will on my own time? I looked on Knet and there's some that I can launch and I want to do them but I don't want to get in trouble at work for doing trainings without permission, even though its optional and on my own time outside of work.   


Any answer or help would be appreciated, thanks!
I just got accepted a PT seasonal flex position as a warehouse associate.  I can only work during regular daytime hours meaning no late night shifts .  I have no idea if the warehouse even has daytime shifts available but if it did, how hard is it to grab them when they become available?  Do they get taken up quickly?

I might just need to deny the position if this is the case so if someone could help me out I would appreciate it.
They are changing our MET days by themselves

 I start november 9th at amazon delivery station as a warehouse associate, Long story short I want to change one of my days off to where I work Friday-Monday and have Tues-Thurs off rather than me working Thurs-Sunday. And my reasoning due to this is me going to school on thursday at 10:00AM and my shift is from 1:20-11:50AM, how would I go about doing this?
I put a request to switch to Sunday-Wednesday 9-12 and 2:30-6:30 but they changed my schedule to only work 2:30:-6:30 sun-wed? How is that allowed? I thought shift choice was only what you submitted that it can get changed too. I would rather have my old schedule then switch to just working one shift per day.
First Advantage sent the background check to Amazon almost 48hrs ago and it's still F-ING "pending*. My first day is 11/8 and they're DRAGGING their feet it's still being reviewed by their background check team they're saying. Why is this taking so damn long how long could this possibly take?! Will I just get an eternal pending for the rest of for fucking ever?
How long does to take to go from L4 to L5 to L6 in HR role?

Just curious. I have not gotten a position in HR just yet.


Hi y’all! I start my second job at the Delivery Station Center in Staten Island on the 15th. My shift is 7:35pm til 12:35am, and I have no clue what to expect. Can anyone give me a little bit of insight to how this place works?
Looking to transfer from a sort center. The role options are Transfer Out and Receive Dock at SBD3. Anyone know the difference or what to expect the work load to be like?
I’m a student currently studying inventory management, and my first day at Amazon FC is on November 4th. My current course is about to be completed this January, and I will start another 1-year course at a different college in a different location. So can I change my FC internally, or will I have to start the same as I did to get this current job?
Hello everyone, I recently applied at an Amazon FC, did the drug test and it came back positive for cocaine which I do not use.

The thing here is that I drug test every single month at some other program I’m a part of and it just so happened that my drug test was a day before the drug test for Amazon. The drug test I said was a urine test then at Amazon is was a saliva test as you all know. 

So I got the results back from the urine test and it shows I am clean and do not have drugs in my system. I got a print out of these results.

Is there anything I can do to contest that drug test? 

Also I’ve heard of people testing positive for cocaine at Amazon being put on a no hire list, is this true? This would totally suck, I really wanted that job and I don’t use drugs. I feel like I’m being done wrong here
Hey - sorry new to this spot. I recently applied to 2 position. One was in delivery station from M - F (10:05PM - 2:50 AM) with a 1000 sign on bonus. The other position is SC from Sun-M, W-F (8:30PM - 12:30AM). I recently withdrew my app for DC due to my sleep schedule is gon suck and I might mentally/emotionally die. I work a full time job as well from 7AM-4PM (Construction Surveyor for Spectrum). I was told by someone at Amazon when I called in that if Sc no longer needs me for seasonal position or if a sign on bonus pops up.. I still qualify. Is this true? It took me 3 times to explain what I meant vs when will I get paid out of it.

Also, as a SC.. how likely will seasonal employee will have an opportunity to covert into a perm employee?

I’m working a second job due to financial hardship for various reason if you’re wondering why I got a second job.

Thank you!

*EDIT: my I-9 orientation is this weekend. So I had to make a decision quickly between the 2.
Trying to transfer to a sort center because of the fewer hours but I’m curious if they also get MET. I’m from an FC and MET during peak season is the norm here.
My ADP PAY STUBS still haven't showed up today. It's currently 4:52pm in Chicago. I usually get paid on Wednesdays in the evening. Anybody else's not showing up?
Im starting a i guess what u can say a part time job Saturday-Sunday 10 hrs a day seasonal , thinking of converting to full time when I get the chance .. Do you guys believe I’ll be able to pick up more hours , like maybe being able to pick up more days ? I know VET is a thing , Let me know what y’all think !


Hey, I’m thinking about transferring out of my grocery warehouse to go to DTG5(have to accept offer by Nov 2nd). Anyone have any information about the experience there or anything they’ve heard? I would really appreciate it. All I know is that the workers walked out like last year in an effort to get better pay etc. Thanks a lot
So my background check is in the hands of Amazon now, I got notified First Advantage finished it today when I woke up. How long for Amazon to review it and change my status from pending to completed so I can order my shoes and fill out my new hire paperwork?

New AM starting in January what do yall usually wear during your shifts?
I thought Amazon sites were closed that day...
I know it's a delivery station but my mother was telling me that there's one that works with oversized items but she doesn't remember the name of it. A co-worker told her. 

Anyone works(ed) here & can tell me if it's a regular DS? 


This question is for any delivery station ... I was hired as flex(19hrs), training is 7 hours and full time shifts are 10hrs .. not quite sure what my real question is but are the flex shifts 4 or 5 hrs? I ask because in my SSD, flex hours were 4hrs45min or 4hrs30min, full time was 8.5 or 9hrs.
I recently noticed on my AtoZ app there is a report travel time function, but I didn't see it before, is this a new thing or is it specifically for certain people? I also applied for Transportation Associate and start that soon this month, so could that be due to that?
I’ve been working in non-con at a SC for 7 months. An issue I’ve experienced is non-con missing their trailer due to belt reallocations. This tells me, the WS, that the truck has “left” even though it may still be docked.

 Well, I’ve brought it up to my PA before and he didn’t really know what to do about it. He said that they typically don’t call over the radio when they plan to close doors. It could be slammed in non-con, but flats and OB are done, so they TDR out the door. I experienced this my first TDR shift last week, so I know for 100% fact what is happening on the TDR end—my TDR experience confirmed everything. 

I was told by my AM that his people can see it and they NEVER close doors when non-con is still be sorted. Then tell me why you are reopening TWO doors in front of me because I called you all out for this. Apparently it can cost them $50 plus for oversize packages missing trucks and potentially having to be rerouted. I’m shocked this has been an issue for so long. 

TLDR; AM gaslit me as the experience I’ve been having for 7 months was occurring right in front of him.
Any good podcasts to listen to on Apple Music during my shift? Tia
I have two main questions.

Are the lockers the only place you can keep belongings?  

 I will need to have a backpack as well as I will be, eventually, wearing two jackets into work. My shift will be overnight like 6pm to 5:30am and I am in southern AZ so it's starting to get colder. Needless to say I will have stuff that COULD go in a locker but I see they are only like 8"x8" so I couldn't fit a backpack or two jackets. I do not know anyone there so I am wondering if Keeping the backpack at HR or a security desk would be an option or if anyone else bikes to work in cold weather, some advice would be nice. 

 The other question was "Do you have to go to the break room, to take a break or can you just pop a squat somewhere a few steps away to get  a fuller 15 minute break"? 
Can somebody in the TOM team tell me how to cancel a Tomy run from home.
I will not be able to come to work, I don't have a way to communicate with my manager and I have 2 Tomy runs tomorrow. Is there something different I have to do to use my upt or is it the same as a Tier 1 employee.
So my start date is 11/8 and my background check status on First Advantage portal says - "Additional Handling Required -88% Complete" but says it will be completed by 11/2. Could anybody point me in the direction of what this means? Thanks so much!
Went navigate UPT yesterday. Honestly, did not mean to but been feeling sick but still go to work and leave an hour early or come in an hour for less late. Anyone been able to use emergency personal leave of absence for this reason? Was only for 4hrs but got 1.29 left by the time I have to reply to the email. Trying to get my manager to approve my vacation I just put in but feel like he wont. Any ideas? UPT is something I have been trying to work on but have not been able to save much since I do not feel well. No PTO too… only vacation.


Do Amazon give u holiday pay

So basically I wanna know from you guys. I’m working at a sortation site. They have massive company Bluetooth speakers (JBL I think) which employees can connect to and play their own music. So why aren’t we allowed AirPods? Your just listening to your own music and it’s not harming anyone. I know a few people say your not allowed airpods on site and you can get written up for it but if your allowed to blast music why not listen to your own in headphones?
Hello, I was wondering if an AM who doesn't hold a degree in engineering/economy is suitable to grow in ops and to take projects. Do participating in project require strong knowledge of engineering process/strong numerical skills? Thank you!
Hello, I was looking at some locations I can work at and some of these sites are called "business lane CF" while others "ATS". What's the difference between these 2 sites? Thanks.

Hi everyone! Hope all is well. I recently just got “hired” as a sortation center warehouse associate and have some questions for those who don’t mind. 

1: So two part question, but just confirming my actual first WORKING morning shift will be on the 12th of November 3:30-7:30, and the shifts shown are set correct? So it won’t change to just like 2 days a week and such, it’ll actually be those 5 days with those hours (give or take an hour as I heard) guaranteed?

2: This DOES mean I’m hired right? lol. And as  seasonal, how long does the “season” usually last, and is it possible to be kept after it? Is there any way to get more hours/days as a “seasonal” with these shifts if I wanted? Located around central Florida if that matters

3: Very stupid question, but what is the time off request policy and how far in advance? I assume I wouldn’t be allowed or wouldn’t look good to take off times such as Black Friday, Christmas, etc.

4: Side question, but how is the actual job for those who work it? Any opinions/advice would be great!

Hopefully someone can help me! I do plan on calling them if no one can answer, so no worries! Reason why I’m asking now ahead of time is because my gf and I share a car (which is no big deal). And I have another job, so having 2 part time jobs, will have to change schedule for the other one and today will be the last day to do so, so trying to plan as best as possible. Thank you so much in advance :) I appreciate anyone who came to read and if there’s any other info or advice, I’ll take it!!
 

I'm applying for IT Support Engineer 1 OTS and haven't turned in my application yet. I would like any tips on my resume before I turn in my application, as I've asked different amazon leads to take a look at it and they all seem too busy. I'm majoring in computer science to get my Bachelors, only have my associates degree so far. I have 6 months of IT Support experience and 5 months as a computer technician; though I didn't get to do to much before the pandemic stopped everything. I've taken two semesters on computer networking and informational security. I'm refreshing myself on my active directory, cisco commands, and linux knowledge. How is the interviewing process and what else should I be studying up on to prepare for the role?

All suggestions and advice are greatly appreciated!

Here's link to my resume:

 [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1X\_bQWa0mTy3IZ5IrD0aV24fcPh0uPC0e/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1X_bQWa0mTy3IZ5IrD0aV24fcPh0uPC0e/view?usp=sharing) 
I got an offer at FTW3 but don’t have any idea about the works in there, can anyone tell me what kind of work is in this building? I am wondering if the same as in the fulfillment centers.
Sometimes when I unload carts from an Air hub trailer, there is often times a mixture of smalls and non-con. Other times I see boxes on wooden pallets that are messed up. Other times I see a pallet literally tilted with the wrap literally tilted in the front as if looks like it is about to fall . Those are examples that I see. What about you?

Hey guys I’m really sick rn and I’m trying to submit upt how do I do that?
I feel like I’ve been posting in here too damn frequently (sorry) Just got back from the doctor’s office and kids have the flu. Are there any leave options for seasonal employees? I’m worried about getting it myself as well. I’ve tried working while having the flu in the past and I’d really rather not.
How do Sortation Centers differ from Delivery Stations?

I’ve worked DS for 2 years and I’ve never worked FC.

Should I try FC or SC??
I am on accommodations in which only allowing me to do Induct, AR stow, & Counts. I am mostly on the line inducting with Avery scanner all night or doing inventory on all different counts. I guess my question is what is the process with accommodation applying as PA if you have gone through it ? Will accommodation get in the way of promoting to a PA ? Thanks in advance.
Im newish but never had attendance problems, recently I’ve had a fever and missed a day and went negative. This would be my first LOA can somebody give me advice please, I’m kind of confused. I called the HR line but she only confused me more and the only help she provided was sending me an email with directions but no advice.
Is it First Advantage?

I checked if they'd finished my background check and it says they finished it in August 2023...which is when I was hired at another job (not Amazon), so I assume it's from that.

It's supposed to be 10 business days for the background check to come back, right? And I'm assuming that's from the date of your prehire appointment where you give your SSN, ID (I9 stuff) and do the drug test.
 I have a friend who works at Amazon and he got his locker broken into  and his phone stolen from a fellow associate. He complained to HR and  the site manager but they refuse to help or look at the security  footage. They haven't done a single thing!!! My friend even knows where  the thief lives because of the Find My iPhone app. HR told him to file a  police report but the police in our city aren't helpful and don't  answer the phone and I doubt they would help getting a phone back with  the other things going on in the city. Isn't Amazon technically liable  because the phone was stored in their locker?!?! Is there anyone to  who's above HR or the site manager to complain to or something to  threaten them with because of their negligence so they can take  immediate action? Any advice would be much appreciated! 
So, I have been working for Amazon for a little over a year and a half. I started at a FC four months after it launched. I started out as a PS but I was cross trained in sort. I ended up staying there because I like to stay busy. I told myself after a few months. I didn't even want to apply to become a pa because i felt I wasn't qualified to be in that position. I don't know if it's me me or not but I kinda like to start from the bottom and work my way up. I finally had an interview. I was supposed to receive a an email. Within 5 days. I have spoken with HR, AM's. I just keep getting the run around. Any advice is appreciated.
What happens to your accrued vacation time when moving from l3>l4?
Trying to research about area manager pay. What are the average annual raises for L4/5 managers? And do you get additional RSUs annually?
Just looking for the average regardless of location.
So I’ve always know you get 48hrs of pto and then it stops till January. But for the past two weeks ive been earning pto at the end of the week, is this normal? 

Normally it’ll show up and then get taken away because I’ve reached my limit but it’s still there and I’m able to use it
I’m starting on Friday as a delivery station warehouse associate. I wanted to get some info on the job. When I went for my prehire appointment, the guy said to wear my hair above my shoulders, can I get some clarification on if that’s accurate? My hair is down to my waist. I also did not see anything about phone usage/earbuds in the employee handbook. Im *assuming* it isn’t allowed, but I just want to be sure. What should I expect from my job role?

TIA
what am i supposed to do if it says this i’m new to working for amazon? really want the job
I went in for Day 1 today at SC and all the lights were off. There was a dude out front at a table and he told us that they didn't get everything they needed to open on time and they were 3 weeks behind on opening. He said we were still gonna get paid for our regular scheduled hours and all that. I was so excited about that I just left without asking about the bonus. 

Does anyone know if the 3 weeks will count toward getting the bonus? We're supposed to get $500 after 30 days and the other $500 after 3 months. 

Also, when I was working at the FC I recently left it showed my differential pay in the pay section of A to Z. I am supposed to get a differential at the SC but didn't see anything about it in my offer letter and it doesn't show in the pay tab. Is that normal or do I need to reach out to HR. It also says I'm not eligible for bonus, under that same tab where pay shows. 

Any help is appreciated.
So at my SC, we have a computer where we scan our badge and it gives a role that we are doing that. I enjoy doing Linear B and mechlite. Like inbound and wrap down I suck at. 

I guess what I’m trying to say is, would I get in trouble if I decided to head to Linear B instead of inbound 🥴🥴

Just want to know what to expect
I’ve noticed a bit of pain since yesterday, I had the greatest idea to put icy hot and let’s just say it got worse. I couldn’t go to work today, I’m hoping this is nothing serious but when I can’t plant my foot in the ground for long because of the sharp pain then I’m not sure. Seeing my doctor on Monday but any idea what this could be? Hopefully I won’t miss work for more than a week. It’s pain in the back of the foot but I can barely move my toes sometimes with all the pain. I’m guessing plantar fasciitis but will see on Monday.
I’ll probably spend some of mine on Spider-Man 2
Got some safety shoes with the credit that they gave us but they are a bit too big, can I return them and get the exact same shoe but in the correct size? And will I have to pay for it myself out of pocket or will they just exchange the shoes free of charge?
My schedule is Monday-Friday. But why does it say that I start on the 29th if it’s a Sunday?
what if when the interviewer ask me "tell me about a time ...." and I don't have ever been in a situation like that what should I say?
How is it like there compared to an FC? Is it really difficult?
So im going to start working at a delivery station in a couple weeks. I was wondering what time are the shifts usually going to be? I have overnight training times(2:30-10am) so im assuming its going to be overnight shifts as well
One delivery station warehouse associate position has $19.25 per hour (23hr) shift and another is flex $18.25 per hour with a bonus $1k. They're at two different warehouses that I could take with a bus. 

I would be a new hire. From basic research I know that I'd fully get the bonus after 3 months and it would be taxed. Still unsure and would like advice, thank you.
Talked to a doctor about my migraines and what triggers them at work and she offered a variety of accommodations. Certain days off a month, short term break, etc. My migraines have been getting worse as of lately so I might go on a medication soon for it. But just curious if the accommodation process have been easy enough to accuser for you guys or something I should prepare myself for in case it’s a stressful process. I’ve gone though accommodations before and they gave me a hard time last time I did.
I thought overtime and night hours was 1.5x and 2$ ADDDED onto your base pay is this correct? Did I really get paid 2 fuckin dollars an hour and 1.50$

So I see a lot of posts about blue badges and other colors of badges, what does a blue badge mean? As a reference, I’m in my second week and I think I’m a blue badge
Applied and just noticed the hours i choose are for different shift times 10-2;50 and 3;20-11:50, would need to change it prior to first day could i do this at my prehire appointment?

&#x200B;
I did a prehire appointment on October 18 for a October 29 start date. Never got any email from Amazon, checked my application today and there's no shift or start date listed anymore and background check is still "pending." Wtf happened?

Note that I was fired back in July so I'm a rehire.
I am currently a t1 FC associate. I want to apply to L3/L4 roles on the internal job portal, but I am kind of stuck on how I should write my resume specifically for my current role. Like there's nothing that I can think of that's STAR about palletizing or being a water spider for example. Does anyone here have specific examples?

I have written resumes in the past for other jobs so I don't have issues with writing a resume in general. I am just stuck over how/what to write about my current T1 role for its bullet points.

Anyone here know what L3/L4 pay rates would be in comparison to a T1 rate?

Here’s are my shifts
Hello, so I initially applied at the start of september and attended the Pre-hire appointment as usual and completed all the necessary tasks such as drug test and etc. I completed the screening results then my original shift was taken away from me so i had to pick another shift so I did. (Initial start date was supposed to be October 1st). So this time my Tentative start date is November 1, 2023 however, few days ago i've completed employment paperwork (last step of the screening results) such as reading following policies and setting up my direct deposit. I check again the following days and it says that I never started it and says it's unavailable and locked. I'm just not quite sure what im exacting waiting for at the moment. I've been waiting about 2 months now. Im just really concerned since im in need of a job rn.

https://preview.redd.it/ymawwmu49uwb1.png?width=1883&format=png&auto=webp&s=3046f4bbfebb0bdc47da143cc23f33ee0bf4f158
Has this happened to anyone else? Does this mean my shift is no longer available???
This is prob a silly ass question but I have anxiety. For context, I work at a small Sort Center and I parked in an overflow lot that is mostly empty. Security already knows I had to leave it over night but it’s a bad alternator so I can’t start it and get it home. Should I let security know beforehand? I’m off today. Will they be like wtf are u doing here? HELP 😭
I’ve been on hold for almost an hour. I called 15 minutes early like the email says and have had to call back 3 times. How hold is this process??
What’s Amtran mean?
Is there a mandatory day when you work the 3 overnight 12hour shift?

I use to be a team lead at a company and made really good money. I worked 60-70 hours a week. Did it for years until I got burned out with too many responsibilities. The harder I worked, the more that was expected from me, and I got greatly taken advantage of. I quit and my life has gone down hill ever since. It was the longest I have ever been at a company. This was almost a year ago and I haven't been able to hold a job down since. Been through 3 jobs since and haven't stayed for more than a month. Idk wtf is wrong with me but I'm having panic attacks before work. Even if I feel I'm overqualified for the job, I'm having terrible anxiety. I sweat profusely and people go up to me and ask "Are you okay?" or even my boss at my last job came up to me and asked "Is this normal for you?" I feel so pathetic. I want so desperately to get the old me back, the person who was able to bust his ass off with barely any call in's working OT for years. My anxiety is holding me back. I've gotten professional help with this problem and take medication, but it still isn't enough.

I need this job to work out. So if you have any advice for me, I would greatly appreciate it. I need any extra help I can get for this job. I want to succeed. I'm tired of not being able to hold down a job.
Hi, tentative start date is November 1st with the first four days set to training dates, but my background check has been processing since last Friday with all other checks completed. That’s a bit concerning all things considered. That happen to anyone else in the past or should I assume they’re gonna just drop my shift?
All I wanted was 1 chicken wrap. 😭😭
i choose payday & mineral water
my school accommodation got approved for nov 1. which i’m going from working 4 days a week to 3. 
does having a school accommodation prevent me from picking up VET? 
i also was told once MET is placed i’ll still have to put in a request for time off.
It’s just an excel spreadsheet. F2 edit… was in the middle of the pack every day for pick but still got written up. I feel like someone’s colluding against me and trying to get me fired…..
Anyone at Slam been getting alot of gift card & Echo pop orders canceled ?

I’m enjoying the job so far. It’s a great workout. My question is, when can I start finding more hours/shifts to pick up?


I received an offer letter to start a program manager position (it’s just a lateral transfer, I work in Amazon Air as a L5 and it’s for another L5 position as a program manager) my building had sent an email out a couple weeks prior saying they will be holding all transfers from L4-L7 until after peak in January ( I had already done my interview at this time for program manager). Fast forward a week or so later and I signed my offer letter to start at the end of November. A few days after My ops tagged the HRM and GM in the email basically saying they were changing the start date until after peak, can they do this if I already signed?
Probably a silly ask but I need to know, HR gives me the runaround
I went for pre hire appointment Sunday, 10/22 my tentative start date being Wednesday 11/1. I got my drug test results back quick and easy Tuesday, 10/24 and my background check is still pending on Friday, 10/27. The recruiter at the appointment said it will be 5-7 business days until my background check comes back but we're kind of running out of business days here. The available shifts at my location are dwindling down as we speak quite rapidly and I wonder if I should just go ahead to reschedule my start date so I don't lose the next one in line. Or should I wait? I'm fucking *panicking*. I was blindsided at my job of 2yrs told were closing all the local grocery stores in our area by 12/9 but I won't have work by tomorrow in my department and my benefits I'll be losing shortly here too. I need to get into Amazon ASAP. I can't risk losing the desired shift or time or pay rate. 

Am I just being overly worried or should I switch the start date to 11/08 just to be safe and let my background check get back?
 So how does this work? I’m good to leave 3 hours early ? I just clock out? And leave?
I’m exhausted , angry and sooo frustrated! I mentioned at the recruiting center I needed to send in new documents for my intermittent accommodation (since I can’t do intermittent FMLA- I know as I worked and got this approved there last yr). The documents from last yr were expired and I requested new paperwork to provide to my dr to fill. He said to talk call ERC for pre hire instructions or wait for HR on site. When I called ERC they said I had to do this with HR on site. On day 1, HR on site said they had no idea what intermittent accommodation is and told me to call ERC or check in with them another day to investigate. ERC opened a disability case which got denied (we knew this, I don’t qualify being a new hire for fmla - hence has to be an accommodation). They then reopened my case from last yr just to say my paper work was expired- again something I already told them. Then opened a new case finally and closed it before my doctor could send the new paperwork! They reopened the case and it finally got approved yesterday. Keep in mind each case they opened takes about a week for a response. I called to confirm my negative UPT won’t cause termination and they said no bc I have a ongoing case. I got an email from HR saying to speak on site to fix my UPT. Guess whose badge didn’t work today and they didn’t want to let in! ERC then tells me I would be terminated in 3 days but I have time to talk to on site HR to fix my UPT- but security won’t let me in to speak w on site HR. ERC keeps putting me on mute and not helping. My case manager will not return any of my requested calls or emails- not just now but since my first case a month ago. Come to find out my case manager put the wrong date for my accommodation approval! Bc of this it’s not covering my negative UPT. I have been doing my due diligence for over a month and find it so unfair that they would put the wrong date when it’s their fault for not training their employees! Idk what to do, I have to apperantly email site HR to help 🤣. Idk what to do, I feel like I keep getting the run around and now I’m fired. Isn’t it illegal to fire someone due to a medical condition! I’ve only been trying to get this done since BEFORE day 1 😭
If so does it apply to people who work part time or flex . Or is it strictly for full timers , also what’s the pay for it . I’m 4yrs and 2months in
What’s going on? I don’t work for the next 2 days.
i get paid weekly. and i think i get paid either tonight (thursday night) or tomorrow (friday), i just changed my thing from check to direct deposit. it says direct deposit now, but has anyone ever done this before ? like change their pay details the day before and get the new pay to their new account etc ??
I went to my pre hire appointment. My drug test and background check came back clear, so I was able to order my shoes and complete my employment paperwork online. I did that last night, and this morning I woke up to an email saying my selected shift is no longer available and I have to select a new shift. Well it says there’s no shifts available at all. I’m beyond pissed and I tried talking to the Amazon jobs support and the woman I talked to was no help at all, she just told me to select a new shift and wouldn’t tell me why my first day was canceled or anything and I have no idea who else to talk to about this. But I can’t even select a new shift and the shift I applied for had a $3,000 bonus so I guess I’m not getting that now if I do happen to get back in.

I also had a friend apply with me so I can give him a ride to work since he doesn’t have a car right now and his first day wasn’t canceled, so I don’t know what to do now. I really need a job right now and I can’t have this happen. I’m showing up to my first day on the 3rd regardless. They’re probably just going to send me home but I don’t know what else I can do. This isn’t right, how are they going to just have me do all the pre-hire stuff and then tell me I can’t work??
Stay at Amazon or go to ups as a package handler making 21hr (more physical work)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/17h3zdv)
Do you guys know anyway to get one day off ? Without getting in trouble?
Is there any chance i get my job back??? Put to reports in asap after wrongly 😑😱fired for wrong reasons which i wont discuss again on here but any advice moving forward please help me
Can I go from Full time to part time at Amazon? Who do I talk to?
When does peak season actually start for us?
Does anyone know what an access control specialist does at Amazon? I know it’s something about privileges/access but I don’t really understand it.

I miss amazon thats it miss all my friends and family
So glad I only work 1 WD shift and other shifts in other days. Nothing wrong with the shift, but had to change it for scheduling matters between myself, family, and another sibling who works at a different location.

But seriously, 130 pallets in 1 week!? That's insane!
Hello all! I start at Amazon tomorrow at 6:30pm, but I'm not too sure of the shift code and what department I will be in. The Shift Pattern is NB2X1830. Does Anyone happen to know what department that is? 

Hey guys, so I work as a Seasonal employee for delivery station at Amazon. We’re a new department in my area where Amazon is. Were sharing the warehouse with the Sortation Center team which we’re in the corner of the floor. We’re in charge of inbound and outbound basically but before I was hired, I guess the “experiment” was suppose to only last 6 weeks last day was November 17 but now they pushed it to January 2nd. My ambassadors told me that according to managmenet if our numbers are good and they have a profit with out department, they would open our own facility but on the other hand I heard we will be moved to different locations nearby for fulfillment and Sortation. I guess theirs a low chance of them letting us go but what’s your guys thoughts on this, have you guys heard of this experiment before? What can I do to be moved to permanent and be recognized?

Theirs at least 300+ of us working in this delivery station corner of the sortation center. Of course like 6 different shifts of 50 people each shift. 
Title.

I got the text and app notification regarding a transfer offer however when I click the link or try to find it on A to Z it’s nowhere to be found.

I applied for the transfer a few weeks ago when I still had the tab then a day or two later it disappeared. Where can I look at the offer?
so i looked at adp pay for october 27, and it’s showing me an amount. it’s shows i worked 60 hours (which i did not).. im confused. i think it added up the hours from last week, and this week together. (which makes sense i did 40 last week, and 20 so far this week monday & tuesday) so, i’m assuming the money amount it’s showing is inaccurate. does anyone have any experience with this?
How can I get a pregnancy accommodation?! I’m 7 months pregnant and it’s been harder for me to work! I work in pack singles but there still heavy items that weight about 15lbs + ! And now that they want to cross train us in pick I don’t think I will be able to handle
How can I get a pregnancy accommodation?! I’m 7 months pregnant and it’s been harder for me to work! I work in pack singles but there still heavy items that weight about 15lbs + ! And now that they want to cross train us in pick I don’t think I will be able to handle
Does it auto accept do I need HR to force accept me? This is like the third post I posted on here. I’m a white badge who coming from another site that stoped white badges transfers. However the site that I’m transferring to still does white badges. This is a unique situation. No I didn’t see the offer letter in my docs and I can’t go to transfer opportunities in my AtoZ



So I am trying to transfer to another site. Are all the “open roles” in the a-to-z app blue badge roles? I’m just wondering since when you go to the external Amazon jobs site all available positions are seasonal.
What happens after the season ends? is it worth applying now or should i just wait? is there a way to get converted to full time by any means? any details on how this works would be very helpful!
I have never said the phrase “what the fuck is wrong with people” so many times as when doing count. I’m a stower until we run out of work and it is clear my coworkers are either trolling or just gd maniacs. 

We all got rate to hit, but if you are putting 52 2inch lipsticks in a 9 in pod YOU’RE DOING IT WRONG! Please stow like you aren’t the only person who works here.
Is this going to pay me an additional hour of $?
Does anyone know how to apply for health benefits and 401k?
I am a new hire at HGR5 in Shippensburg, PA. The shift is from 5pm-5:30pm Thursday through Saturday. 37 hours RT shift. The pay is $22.65/hr. Does anyone work there or know anything about this warehouse? My first day is this Thursday.
I’m currently on a LOA that ends tomorrow. But on A to z it’s not showing my schedule for the rest of the week. Should I still go in anyway?
Who the fuck hires these people at my building 😭like why
How long til you hear about background check and drug test? I went in on Sunday, 10/22 the lady said 5-7 business days I'll hear back. My tentative start date is 11/1 at 6:30pm-5:15am I'll be working those hours Wed Thurs Fri Sat with Sunday being the overtime day. I'm just panicking because I'm seeing more posts than I would like about the drug test and background check taking 4+ weeks to even hear back and losing your tentative start date. The grocery store I work at, yes you heard that right the GROCERY STORE I've worked at for over 2yrs is closing all locations in my area and positions are being phased out sooner than later so I need this job at Amazon. I do have a criminal possession of stolen property misdemeanor on my record because I used a debit card took $100 off of it and did 4mo in jail because I didn't pay the money back quickly enough to the person that loaned it to me they let me use their card and then claimed they didn't. I spent 4mo in jail but the lady didn't want to take it all the way to court so it got dropped to a misdemeanor. I worry about that but it was in 2017. I also have worked at FedEx Ground after that charge they background check, and I'm also pretty sure my job that I work at now did background check me according to Google I'm just not running around my store asking people do we background check because I forgot 😂

Can somebody ease my nerves please? I'm fucking freaking out.
Can someone that has knowledge of Labor-sharing explain all the reasons why AAs are getting labor shared? I’m getting labored shared everyday and I need to find a way to get my permissions removed to that department. Maybe I can talk to someone about frequently getting labored shared to have it to happen less. But it’s frustrating and depressing getting labored shared everyday. Because, what’s the point in being in your main department if they only need you there for 1-2hrs and then send you off else where. I do not feel like I’m apart of the team
How do you get them I’m on the enrollment page and I click on whatever (medical) for example and there’s nothing like apply or enroll do I click the visit website? Or how do I enroll
I'm looking to transfer to another facility that's a little closer to where I live. I work at a robotics facility right now and just wondering if anyone knows what kind of facility this is. Trying to see if it's worth it to transfer. Any help will be appreciated
How many items do I need to stow ? I keep getting different numbers from different people
I’m a new AM at my site and usually keep my hair up in a bun during shifts, but was wondering if I could try other (work friendly) styles to break the monotony. (I have long hair so a high ponytail still breaks code.) I also usually use accessories like clips/barrettes/headbands.
Trying to pick up an extra shift per week. I’m just trying to get mines. Please drop some AM’s. Or whoever does.

So I'm transferring from pack-singles dayshift to pack-flow RT Nights. I start my new shift and dept Thursday night. The weird thing is, I saw that there was VET posted for pack singles today but I couldn't get it because it says training required. Yesterday there was a sort-flow opportunity open that I took and just went to pack singles because I'm not trained yet in AFE. Why is it backwards now, has anyone else experienced this when transferring?
 I had negative UPT but they fixed it Idk if I’m good standing or not. They gave me first warning.
Trying to transfer to FC (currently at DS) and into pack. Right now there's a pack flexpt position open and I'm trying to make sure I understand everything before I commit (obviously assuming my transfer gets approved). I only even realized it was PT from reading Reddit threads since it doesn't actually say PT on the app. Just Flex-time (4 h). Anyways I think the last thing I'm trying to figure out is whether or not FlexPT gets Career Choice. If not I'm gonna have to ride the ole struggle bus a while longer...
(FC) So I had my pre-hire appt last week and the person onboarding me told me that I would have one MET day a week (Tuesday). I got access to my A to Z app last night and I start in two days. I took a look at my schedule and my Tuesdays are blank for the foreseeable future. Will the MET be added to my schedule after I’m fully in the system?


I’m aware I’m getting ahead of myself, but I’m just curious if there’s an answer beforehand.
I've worked at amazon for a while and nobody can explain this to me, I am a packer I never leave my station. Never....not to go to the bathroom or anything, I pack constantly very consistently unless I have to go get my own boxes. And we have a little screen that shows us what our rate is. And it refreshes every 10 minutes I was Looking at the screen, it said 298 for a solid half hour, then a message popped up on my packing screen That said attention, your rate is only 133, How do they calculate rate? I asked an area manager and a PA and neither one of them could explain it to me. And I just don't want to get written up. Because our rate is supposed to be 200.... Also, the guy standing next to me was only packing 120 and he left his station a lot  and he didn't get a message about his rate....any insight on this would help tremendously...thank you
Hello, i just got inclined for an L4 and I heard that when you receive an offer for L4 you can make a counter offer asking for more money, how true is that? Can I lose my initial offer because of this?
Purpose of this post:

1. To educate new hires that are working in a sort center
2. To educate people who currently work MOR, DAY, TWI, and NIT how Wrap Down (WD) works if they do not know already.

If you ever work in an SC, Wrap Down is one of the most easiest shifts ever. Unlike MOR, DAY, TWI, and NIT where everyone goes to their normal role functions and/or be at the lanes/chutes scanning packages, this shift serves as the "clean up" or "take out the trash". All you will do is stage every container (pallet, gaylord/shuttle, go - carts) into its place of destination (POD) or trailer, then all containers get set up after everything gets staged on the lanes/chutes, smalls, and non-con. Within 15 - 45 minutes at the end of shift (EOS), all packages are unloaded from Inbound, and sent to the lanes/chutes for the next shift (this is known as "priming").

Depending on your site, your shift may not have a stand up meeting because of how straightforward it is. If they do, however, know that the manager or PA will announce how much NIT shift processed, how many hours the shift should take (usually less that 4 hours. You mostly will have 3 hour shifts. WD rarely flexes up), and who will go where.

There will be a large percentage of people staging all areas of the building (as previously described above), people printing shipping labels (closing out) for the lanes/chutes and all other areas if NIT shift's waterspiders do not do that, and there will be people resetting an area of the building. Problem Solve will also be opened as well to process any packages NIT shift leaves.

The shift usually overlaps with NIT shift before that shift ends (yes, even if it flexes up), meaning that you will pretty much be working the shift all night until early morning. Some sites might have WD start after NIT shift ends, depending on business needs.

So that is it. There really is not anything much to explain here (this post might be deleted in 24 hours, idk). If any SC AA wants to add anything else, or if you have any questions, feel free to comment below.
I worked at a delivery station from 2:40am to 9:10am 2 years ago & mainly stowed after I was finally moved from P2B. We had to be finished stowing & closing the bags by 9:10am. I'm thinking about going back to one but the shifts are from 1:20am to 11:50am.

I think it's obvious that I'll be doing other roles but what other roles & in what time frame would they approximately be done in?
So I had my pre hire appointment yesterday, they said it'd be about 5-7 business days for my background check and drug test to come back. I don't do drugs and I have a misdemeanor on my record from 2017/2018 ( I used someone's card for $100, they then took that back and said i didnt have permission because i didnt pay them back on their time frame they really got that petty about it) I had worked at FedEx Ground warehouse before and I passed their background check with no issues and that was after my misdemeanor so I think I'm fine. 

When should I expect to have my background check and drug test come back? My tentative start date is November 1st, 6:30pm-5:15am. I did my pre hire appointment yesterday Sunday October 22nd.
Hello, I wanted to know if anyone has applied for a loan through the Brightside app recently.

It seems like we already have an AmazonFC subreddit with a lot more members. Why is it fragmented with this sub? Is there an overlap? The AmazonFC includes a lot of posts from FCs and SCs, so im not sure what the point of this subreddit is. This is a genuine question, thanks. 
was brought to be apart of a hearing… is it random choosing or selected by your om?
Anyone elses building flexing down lately with the new drip schedule addition? Many at my building are having a nearly 3 hr lunch between shifts and live too far from site to be able to go home so they on site 11 hrs and getting paid for 8.AMAZON is saving a ton of money by doing this but seems like nothing can be done
Gotta love those emails stating, "...we have decided to progress with other candidates for this role," when the listing with the same job ID is still active.
So they played the opening theme to demon slayer, I really like that song 🎵  that is all.
Anyone know a great method to recover tiredness after work? I work at an FC and I want to continue hitting the gym before or after a shift, what do yall take for fatigue ? After a shift I legit have no more gas left in me to workout
Just recently applied and got my confirmation email. My docs says my department code is 1211030. Is this pick or pack? I’m at an amazon robotics FC



I have a split personality disorder. I love it. I love being able to be somebody else for a little bit and being able to change I’ll remember the beginning when it was hard trying to get used to that now I have accepted myself for more than what I am, and not afraid to show who I really am anymore .
Ever since I was young, I knew that I was meant for something different and I’ve been rapping for nine years about my lifeline, but what I’ve been through and what I shall go through in the future, and in the past, I come to grips with my past, finally to look forward to trust God through everything no matter what happens. I know that I will be successful with God by my side the enemy will always try to get my attention no matter what possible but I know that if God is in controlled and everything will be all right, we will be tempted to follow away from the right road, but God will always bring us back to the path that we belong.
In your honest opinions, which would be less physically demanding and/or more worthwhile?
I have bad knees but I need the money while I'm looking for something better.
I've only worked in an FC as a picker before.

-Sortation Center. 
2½-3 hours commute one way by train, ferry, and bus. 
16hrs a week. $19.25 an hour.
(Sun, Mon, Thu, Fri 7:00 AM - 11:00 AM)
Which means I'd have to leave the house by 4am to work 4-5 hrs, and get home at earliest ~2pm.

-Delivery Station. 
1 hour commute one way by bus.
19hrs a week. $18 a hour.
Flexible Shift.
Pay is less and I've heard this is harsher work?
But it's so much closer..
Hello! I got hired FT at my local FC. I’m currently working a PT job at 12hr. The job isn’t hard and the work environment is okay, but I only make 180 wkly. I’m 19 F, and I’m looking to start saving for a vehicle. My current jobs walking distance 


Should I leave my pt job for a full time position at Amazon? Ideally I’m just looking to make more money quicker. Or would this be a bad idea based on the quality of work environment @ Amazon? I’d also have to bus.

Can someone give me pros and cons
Just applied for flex shift (19HR) and was wondering if the shifts are assigned or can I pick my own hours?  I  only able to work afternoon hours so I applied for the position but most of the regular shifts are in the evening or early morning.
Does anyone have the short 10 question trick answers for the Hazmat quiz?
I am hired for one PT Flex job but only for 19 hr/week. Am I allowed to work another flex job at another amazon facility?

Hello guys,
I just applied for a flexible shift (19 hours/week - seasonal) position at an Amazon Fulfillment Center Warehouse. My questions are:
1. Does having a flexible shift affect my chance of getting a blue badge converting from a seasonal to a full-time? 
2. Can I get a pay raise like people who work 30-40 hours a week?
 
Thank you all for reading
Hi! So I just got word that my store I've worked at for 2yr is closing and I have to find another job - I applied to Amazon and I was told to pick a date and time for a "pre-hire appointment" which is taking place tomorrow.

What should I be expecting? What is the process? I have worked at FedEx Ground previously as well. I am just curious the kind of things I should be ready for! I also applied for full time, 4d a week 10hr shifts. I'm used to a 6d a week 8hr shifts so this is going to be a fun switch for me. I don't do drugs and don't have anything to worry about for a background check because I have had FedEx and my current job do background checks - and I'm not out here getting in trouble lol. 

Thanks in advance!
 (Answered) Not sure if there is a better subreddit to ask in but I applied to work at Amazon in a warehouse position and chose the "flexible shifts" option. But when I got my offer it says the required training dates are between 1:20a.m and 11:50a.m I absolutely do not want to work overnights. Should I just look for employment elsewhere? Because that doesn't seem like "flexible shifts" to me. 
I received a email back when I first started saying if I didn’t respond I would be switched to regular and I was wondering how long will that take also can I do it manually is there somewhere in the app I can go to and do it bc i really like Amazon and want to be regular so I can get shift choice so I can max out my shifts and move them around so I can get 60 hours
I took met before I got the notification when a shift became available and the text said I successfully added the shift and even the app says already accepted but my schedule for that day did not change at all. I even waited 10 minutes and logged out and back in and it still doesn't have it showing up in my shift. I did not go over 60 hours I only gonna do 49 hours if I can pick up these extra 2 hours on top of my regular schedule which is 8. So do I show up early for the shift that I supposedly took which I did or show up at my regular schedule since it doesn't appear to be added on the app which is at 3:20am. But the one I took is at 1:05am and I hate that it ends at 3:15 because I always get upt and don't know the proper way to go about that and calling is do annoying cuz the site hr doesn't do anything to fix it they just say put a ticket or phone call
I wanna transfer to back half days but still be in singles pack I do CW and smartpac, in transfer opportunities it says Pack-flow is that basically singles and what I do now or something different?
It’s exhausting. People got shit to do on Sunday. That’s why we chose to have off on Sunday. Just put up overtime shifts. People will pick them up.

Thank you

Not sure if there are any Amazon Fulfillment Center in
fayetteville NC, wnc6 and possibly a future site.
Can I just walk into work on a day I’m not scheduled and clock in for a full shift? Or will they just send me home?

Trying to get mines.
Wondering if anyone can provide me with insight into the salary range for L5s at Central Flow.
I was allocated 4.5 aisles today. This is the second time it has happened. I didn’t tell the manager this time- since I now see it was intentional. Is this allowed or wut? (Idk why it wouldn’t be, but why can’t they just ask me to stop stowing for a bit like they have done before) I only go fast to keep my aisles clear to help the pick to buffers. As I know how stressful it is to buffer when the rack has boxes on it and the dock is throwing down thousands of packages an hour. I don’t want to do 50% more work for the same pay. Do I start slowing down? Wouldn’t that make them assign some poor person who didn’t want to go to work that day “talk to me” about why my numbers are down?
Well I’m on unpaid suspension since I wasn’t able to complete my i9 correctly…. Even though I have all the valid information and documents 🙃
Applied for Amazon and yesterday it was on application now it’s showing this. What does this mean?
If I currently work at Amazon and want to use the college coverage to get EMT certified, could i become an OMR at my FC? If so what’s the process like and is the job worth it?
For some reason the A to Z app was showing I resigned but I never did is this a glitch or did someone hacked my account.
Anyone that’s been an Area Manager (or has worked well above the Area Manager position) for Amazon and has left to get a job elsewhere, what kind of job options do I have?

I’ve been with Amazon for almost 5 years, working for two delivery stations. I have worked my way up within Amazon Logistics from a Tier 1 Seasonal Associate to now an L4 Area Manager, soon to get my L5. I do not have a college degree, but I learn things extremely quickly. I’m a hands on learner, if something is shown to me properly, I can do the job.

After working this schedule for so long, and after growing up a bit more, I need to get out. I need to find a different job, but I’m not sure where to look and what could pay similarly or more to what I’m paid now. 

What kind of jobs could I be eligible for with the kind of experience I have? Do I have a good chance finding a good job without a degree? Should I spend some extra time using some of the benefits Amazon provides to get some certifications or heavily discounted certificates before I look further? 

I need some genuine advice and insight from other people who have left Amazon to pursue a different career. 



Any and all feedback is appreciated! 
Thank you!
so I’m a picker and I was checking my productivity. My UPH and was about 250, but is usually much higher. I’m usually sitting at 420+ but last week was rough computer wise and I was legitimately waiting on amnesty for hours. To the point where I had to go find an AM myself because amnesty was so backed up. Will my low rate put my job at risk even though I genuinely couldn’t continue picking?
Hey everyone, so I applied for the area manager position about 2 months ago, within about a week I had an interview scheduled and was ready to go. I did the interview, and a week later I got an email letting me know that I did well and I got the job. They told me to expect my offer letter within about a week from that time. It is now about 4 weeks since I received my initial email about getting the job and I still have not received my offer letter. I have been emailing back and forth and they keep saying 5-7 days, 2-3 days, etc. but here I am still waiting. They said that they are still working on job placement and that it shouldn't be much longer and they keep apologizing for delays. Today I noticed that my application moved from "under review" to "no longer under consideration" and I am unsure if this means anything. This is making me so anxious waiting on the official offer as it has been so long, has anyone else had a similar experience to this? 

Can I lose my permissions to pick? If so how.
If point infractions are being suspended, what is the point of increasing our required hours by 5?
I just read that “employees cannot use pto to extend their last day of employment” does this mean I can’t use pto for the last few hours of my shift so I can clock out early and turn in my badge? Like what does extend mean lol

i was scrolling thru some posts here & saw the comments on someones post that got vto & some people seemed pressed lol. that’s something that ive seen alot here wonder why

Any recommendations for health insurance in California?

RME technician here. Fielding any and all RME related questions including MRA questions. Been an MJT for 2 years and MRA for 1 year with experience in sort centers, AR sortable, Gen 11 sites, away teams, and building shut downs. Fire away.
Make any eligible changes to your medical, dental, and vision plans for 2024.
I don’t get paid enough to stay later and I don’t get paid enough to get here on time
Well just got done with day 2. Got some stuff to do on the kindle on day 3. 

Still don’t know what I’ll be doing when I’m done with training. The kindle shit is so confusing sometimes. 

(Sorry a slow learner)

Anyways, any advice?
Will amazon rehire me after termination for missed shifts due to being in the hospital? I  still have my paperwork from the hospital and can re-apply in December.
Recently went to jury duty yesterday, and found I was picked to serve on a two day trial this week. I was wondering how I can submit time for this via atoz, it is only allowing me to pick days in the past. also, is it paid time off as well?

&#x200B;

Thanks

 I’m starting again at a new IXD warehouse on 11/12 and have worked at a FC & Fresh warehouses with amazon and there wasn’t any options to move up. Now I’m starting here and want to see if i work hard from the very beginning what could be the possibility of me move up to a higher position or training into a different area.
I’m on my feet for about 12 hrs and it killed me even at the beginning I currently have some timberland pro and I got a size too small and now have 3 blisters and 2 friction scrapes on back of my feet I wear size 11 regular shoes and went to 11’5 for the boots what are some recommendations from Zappos or other sites that have the safety regulations like the toes and slip resistant and are sawhorse 6 timberlands any good
What’s been going at DET2 lately is their any new mangers, PAs etc fill me in lol
Is there anyone here who works at the jax2 location?
I currently have a full time job which is impacting the hours I work at Amazon. I keep putting in absences in due to other job or 2nd job and spoke to A to Z HR about my hours n schedule and even put in a hardship request but nothing has changed. They keep telling me to talk to onsite HR but I have no time to go to the facility due to my full time job being 8+ hours M-F
I do know that in Amazon Air, there are two types of places you go. Either the ramp, or the sort building. I do know that the ramp is full-time, and that sort building is both part and full-time. I want to know if there is a difference between a regular SC and a "Sort" facility at Air? Does Air flex up in the sort building? Does pallet building exist there? Most importantly, how big is the sort building there? I know that Amazon Air kind of operates like a sort center, but I need to know the differences.
Anyone has an idea what department 1211010 ??


Recently resigned from my position because HR informed me if I did so I might have a better chance transferring that way because I would be able to reapply almost immediately because I was in good standing and had no violations. I was just informed I now have to wait the 90 days and now I’m without a job. It’s sucks but you love and you learn.
I have an issues with a pa I work in a completely different area than her and everytime I turn around she is fighting with me about something and when they announce the top people and I’m on the top she refuses to acknowledge me
Said it was gonna be an all out war between Daybreathers and Night Walkers.  

No, I don’t know why.
Is it my app only ir or not?


I'm confused lol 

I transfered to a sortation center & chose to work Wednesday to Saturday, 9pm to 1am. It's also flex up or down hours. 

My A to Z updated and I have to choose the shifts I want to work. I thought it was a set schedule. Now, I worked flexRT and it was a minimum of 4hrs a week. Is it the same for sortation center?
so today was my first day and when i got home i downloaded amazon a to z but i dont know the password for my a to z account i tried to reset it 3 times and it didnt work, what do i do?

i currently work 1:20am-11:50am  sort/pick shift
and i am thinking about switching to the 1pm-11:30pm RTS. what does the rts consist of?
Before anyone gets on me, I know it's not actually a hack since it's in Amazon's official policy but I need some help from someone who has actually done it. 

PLEASE DO NOT reply with the official policy which states that MET will be exempt for the day before or the day after if you get time off approved before MET is called. I know that's the officially worded policy. 

My basic question is if I put in vacation time for a Friday during Peak season and get it approved, will that exempt me from potential MET both Saturday AND Sunday? Again, I only want to hear from people who have actually done it and know for certain what happens. 

I only ask because I talked to a guy who said he's backhalf, and he puts in some vacation time for Wednesday mornings, and it gets him exempt from MET on both Monday and Tuesday. So obviously that official policy may not tell the whole story.
I was and am extremely tired ,and I genuinely was on auto pilot mode leaving work  , so far one person has said I’ll probably be fine and another said I’m gonna get fired if reported or was seen ,I’m posting this again in this subreddit for engagement and opinions.there was a security guard in car facing me and then the new cams on the other side of me .what do yall think it was genuinely an accident.
I start working at Amazon air on Tuesday and I wanted to ask if anyone has worked at Amazon air before and how was it?

Hi,  I am on workers compensation the safety sent me home that I can’t do more than 180 days while I am on restriction so DLS approved my short term disability but till today I didn’t get paid Amazon sent in my account one week 10 $ and the next week 25 $ I tried to reach DLS worker compensation and Sedgwick but Amazon says I am going to get 60 % of my pay that’s going to pay by the Sedgwick but not till today the Sedgwick don’t reply my calls or emails and advice please thanks
So my car got a flat tire today, i live about 45 minutes out from work and no tire shop near me is open as its Sunday. I tried to talk to HR online but they were no help. I don't have enough UPT to cover today's shift, do you think HR will help me excuse the day if i can prove to them i had a flat tire? Or am i just shit out of luck with this? Thanks for the help
I’m officially relieved of all my Amazon duties . It’s been good guys ! See you guys on the other side .
I know your 1st write up is active for 30 days,
2nd is 60 days, 3rd is 90 days then you’re fired but I’m wondering about the documented coaching? They’ve been giving them out like crazy at my building. One person said they got a write up and a few days later a documented coaching and was told I’d they get one more, whether that be a write up or coaching, they’re fired since it’s their 3rd strike? Which makes no sense since a documented coaching isn’t technically a write up. Just wondering how it works.

Also, if you get a 3rd write up, does that mean you’re going to get fired? Or do you get a 3rd one and if you do anything else, then you’re fired? And what exactly does “it drops off your record 30, 60, 90 days” mean?
8:30pm to 12:30am shift. What’s the responsibilities of this shift?
Hi , does anyone work at BDL4 on here ?
So, I got approved to transfer from my SC to a FC. The transfer page (view screenshot below) says my new schedule starts on the 15th which is tomorrow, but the days I work on the new schedule are Thu-Sat. When it says that it starts on the 15th, that just means the week of the 15th, right? Not that my literal first day is on the 15th. My actual first day would be on the 19th? Or am I understanding it wrong?

Another thing that has me confused is that my old schedule at the SC was Sun-Tue, but apparently based on a couple posts on here, there's a chance my schedule on AtoZ won't update until a couple hours before my first day at the FC.

So if that's the case, then won't UPT get deducted from those days since I'm not supposed to be working there anymore, but the schedule still reflects that I do on AtoZ. Or am I supposed to be working those days still at my SC, but if that's the case doesn't that contradict the transfer page saying my new schedule starts on the 15th?

Anyone have any clue what I'm talking about lol? I'm really confused on what I should be doing.

https://preview.redd.it/0pmm03kel9ub1.png?width=796&format=png&auto=webp&s=21dd5ef17f715ca6520f790ae26f151df03318e3
Just got an email for an interview with non-inventory manager. Heard a lot of people try to get in there since it is laid back, no tot and a lot of downtime.

I also got an offer by my manager to be a Process Guide in Trans Out department but I’m not sure which would be the best choice, non inventory or trans out?

As a Process Guide it would look good when applying for Process Assistant however I know it will be a lot of headaches as I have worked as a PG before in another department. Non inventory seems more laid back just not sure how it would benefit me when wanting to move up to a PA position.

Any advise would be greatly appreciated.
Like the PA is over inbound dock, and the AA is in each receive. She doesn't report to the dock PA, but they're both inbound
On tuesday I was selected for a random drug test and I took my test twice because the first time I messed up. The 2nd test I made enough saliva and my results was inconclusive and hr told me I would be on paid suspension until I get my results from the lab. They told me I would receive the results to the test between 3-5 days and I only got paid suspension for 4 days so far. I haven’t gotten my results through phone or email. 
Anyone knows how long to get your results back might take?

Btw I DO NOT take drugs. I was very confuse how my results were inconclusive. I am not taking any medication or smoke weed.
They didn’t bring up not being able to and I love wearing tank tops I feel the most free in them and can optimize my performance plus it’s literally 70% of my wardrobe I only really wear tanks. I work in a sort center so just wondering
Hello, my schedule today was only from 1:20 am to 3:40 but I stayed my regular time until 11:50 am. I want to know if I can have a problem because of that?
This question is for any AMs or OMs :

Looking to get more insight on how “off- cycle” promos work. I’ve been told a SIM needs to get approved but that’s about it. I have an AA interested in moving up from a T1/L1 to an L4 AM role - she fits all the requirements needed to apply for the role but I can’t seem to get her to be able to POD without this extra step? Any idea what needs to be done and how complicated it is to do so?


How do I do this??
How often do you take bathroom breaks throughout your shift and have you been faced with TOT because of it 🤔 My current facility is chill about it, but my last one would write you up immediately for “ excessive bathroom breaks “

Curious to see how other facilities approach it
What are some good pointers to making a baseball card that goes above and beyond? My site is offering raises to L4 for this round of baseball cards. My AM is getting my metrics pulled so I can incorporate them as well. Any help is appreciated!
I'm a new AM, and I'd like to clarify whether Process Assistants are responsible for running the shift and what their specific duties entail.  I've noticed variations in how different AMs handle staffing and shift  management, with some being very hands-on and others less so. What is the ideal level of involvement for an OM? Should Process Assistants also address behavioral issues, such as cell phone usage or TOT? I'm trying to understand the roles better because I initially thought that PAs were  primarily responsible for running the shift, while AMs focused on  authority, administrative tasks, and policy enforcement.

EDIT: Please read my question and understand what I am asking before responding. Too many assumptions. I may just remove this post and reach out to my former AM and OM, because I have not received a helpful comment. I am asking about variations in leadership styles and how AMs and OMs choose to run their shift and utilize their PAs.
I got a 90 day written up and I got 87 days left will I be able to turn permanent?
Was going to leave early today using PTO, but not sure if I accumulate UPT as I would if I stayed at work. Trying to save up some UPT

First day on Monday. Should I bring a water bottle or food? It’s only 4-5 hours shift

'Nuff said
Hey all, I'll be starting SC in a week but I'll only be working 16 hours a week (couldn't find any other work) and was wondering if I'm able to pick up another 4 hour shift before mine or pick up on my days off easily. I know I'll find this out when I start but I kinda want to keep looking for other work if I'm not able to work more hours. Thanks in advance.
Cheap bastards!!!!!
Has anyone applied for or worked as " "Workplace Health and Safety Specialist Intern"? If yes what was your field of study and how was the internship? Any other tips are appreciated.

# 
Anyone work at Amazon CLT2 in Charlotte?
I work 3 twelves and literally haven’t worked a whole week since I started bc I immediately use my time to leave the last day. I can’t stand being there just picking for 12 hrs straight with no entertainment. I love my warehouse though. Any tips? I applied for a learning ambassador and amnesty position to try to move around more but haven’t started training yet because of prime day.
I’ve been in am care a lot lately bc they think I have carpal tunnel. I just don’t want to get fired for being down there so often. Are there restrictions of any kind?
should I bring a lunch my first training day ? Will I be there the whole 8 hr shift ?
Do you still have to go to MET if they schedule you to work that you requested off for school accommodation 😅

Sunday I went on a leave of absence 10/8- 10/9. Even though my building was going to close for maintenance on the 9th so I checked on my A to Z and it said LOA CONTINUOUS 12hr And right under that it says 10 hours Paid time off . So am I still going to get paid due to the maintenance?
I had my official appeal meeting with the senior site lead yesterday and it was overturned so I got my job back yayyy!!! But does anyone know how long it will take for someone to reach out with my return to work date? I called them but I’m still in the system as terminated…
When the light turns yellow does that indicate the order is done and ready to be pushed up for the next order to be started? I’m just asking to make sure I’m not pissing off packers for not having items close enough to them for an order.
I start soon for shift in title. I’ve been doing some research on the position and it seems some shifts are more likely to complete certain activities during specific time slots. I’m still unfamiliar with most of this, but before I go in I would like to get a more specific idea as what I will most likely be doing during my shift slot. Also I’ve discovered that certain responsibilities are more likely to be performed by newer associated than others, so my question is asking to take both newness and shift into consideration for what I can ‘most likely expect’. 

Side note, I’m pretty hyped for this position in general because the time slot was very hard to acquire, as it took hundreds of refreshes of the website to see it pop up after learning when Amazon is most likely to upload job opportunities. It works perfectly with my other 2 part time jobs. 

Thanks ahead of time for your responses!
They gave out met last night for today and may I just add it was a 13 hr notice 😅  anyways it’s not on my schedule would I be okay if I just didn’t show up??
If I scroll in the schedule and my schedule abruptly ends on a certain date, would this be the end of my assignment? Or does the schedule only go so far ahead?

I was curious to see if I worked on Christmas just based on my regular work days, but my schedule stops on Dec 19th and shows last pay day as Dec 29th. Can I expect to not work passed Dec 19th or is this subject to change? I started in September. Thanks!
Can’t figure out what the little character is though lmao
In anytime pay it gives me 50%. Do I get the other 50% on payday or how does that work, if I pull out the 50% is that just all I get for those hours or will the rest come later
Hello I’m transferring to a new warehouse from flex to full time next week. I was wondering do I just show up my planned first day? Cause I don’t think ima just skip this week until I go to the new warehouse next week, do I have to do anything here before leaving, or am I good to just show up that day?
Hi, I just recently started as a L4 AM and I’ve been a lot of training. One question I asked was, “what can we do more than just say thank you?” And everyone’s answer was nothing and just say thank you. I strongly disagree with this. As someone who used to get a shit ton of thank you for being a hard worker, that got so fucking old, because it didn’t do anything for me financially or professionally. These people really think all associates are gonna be okay with always hearing a thank you after working 12-14 hours a day while they’ve probably have always been hard working. 

I wouldn’t mind buying food or drinks for all associates on my shift. How do you guys feel though? Is it enough to just say thank you to show your appreciation.
I’m not even part of this sub
What will i be doing? More than anything looking to do my own thing away from a lot of people. Will this work for me?

Hey I’m thinking of taking a full time position. What’s the best position between sort, pack and pick? I’m in stow now and I’m unsure what’s the other positions job descriptions
Hello, so I just had my day 1 orientation at a delivery station. During the ‘class’ the learning trainer, as well as the presentation, had stated that we should have 10 hours of UPT as of our first day. 
But when I checked my Amazon A to Z, I was given 20 hours of UPT as well as 10.5 hours of PTO. Is this an error or intentional?
I made a request to transfer to another warehouse and it was approved but I have an approved vacation for December. Is it going to stay the same or do I have to request it again? (FT TO RT)
Can I exchange my old pair of well worn shoes for a brand new pair? Has anyone successfully done this before?
Internal Site Transfer Approved to move to Flex RT, but no information on starting shifts?

I just accepted my offer in AtoZ for a internal site transfer, but besides my start date I got zero other information regarding shift times for the first day and if I pick my hours after my first day or if they are set for the first week or something. Is there a way to figure this out? Thanks!


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/174rq9k)
Planning on transferring sometime soon because it's significantly closer to where I live, but wondering what the facility is like.
Do you know of any examples of someone being fired for sexual harassment at your warehouse?  Really interested in your feedback…

If I have to work an extra 2 hours on my shift hence known MET and I use 2 hours of PTO will I still get paid time and a half for those 2 hours with pto or no?

Hello, so this will be first time going on an away team out of state to help support the new launch. Has anyone used tripsource to manage travel info? My trip starts this saturday and reason I'm asking is because I've got everything except hotel reservation. I was wondering if I needed to add through tripsource or will it automatically get added later before I go to my airport.
I clocked out because I had jury duty so I used my pto so I could still get paid but I didn’t get paid for it or lose any UPT what’s going on?

So they give out MET on Saturday for me to come in Monday and I show up and I’m not even scheduled anymore but I just checked the night before and I was … why is that ? I didn’t question it I just left 😂 I also found out I got my blue badge this morning
I was told it’s “appreciated” but not necessary if you tell your managers when you leave, but could I get written up or fired if I don’t tell them? My manager is a fucking douchebag and I’ve only been here for a week, MET is this week, and I plan on leaving early on the overtime days, and don’t even wanna tell him. The only issue is that I don’t want to risk my job by not saying anything.
My transfer gets reviewed 10/9 how long after will I know if I got accept or denied.

I recently graduated in May with a bachelor’s degree and have been a blue badge for about 2+ years now so I figured I’d have a pretty decent chance at getting into an L4 role after graduation but haven’t had any traction at all?,Usually work in SLAM or PS and I also recently had a person on Fiverr fix up my resume so that it’s tailored for an AM position although my specialization is in data analytics. I haven’t had any luck with that position either. I’m currently in Florida but I can move anywhere in the country so I’m not really bound to any one location right now. Is there something I’m missing that’s excluding me from being eligible???
I was terminated from Amazon for negative upt October 6th 2023. However September 29th I got to work late by 1 hr and 27 minutes which would result in 2 hrs being taken but for whatever reason 6 hrs were taken causing me to be overdraft by 3hr and 13 minutes. I was told by hr that it would update/refund my upt within 72 hrs and that I would not be fired for this because it’s a problem on their end. Yet fast forward a few days later I get a termination email. I did an appeal the next day. Do I have a good chance of winning my appeal?
Are there any positions at an FC where you're legitimately like, by yourself most of the time? 

I'm in AFE, and there's just so much reliance on coworkers. If I'm rebinning and my inductor is bad at their job or just painfully slow, it kills my rate. Same thing flipped around if I'm the inductor and my rebinner is awful. Same thing for packers when their rebinner is bad. 

I'd just like to find a job where I'm pretty much just relying on me, myself, and I lol.

So I’ve never worked a peak while they’re doing massive hiring and this weekend I noticed several people around me get talked to about rates from a AM and then watched while packing by a PA. Is this normal during this time? I didn’t get talked to but my son (it’s his 4th day) did in pick before they realized he was new.

So i left for work today but quickly had to turn around because i forgot my badge. I turned into a parking lot nd whipped right back around but then i hear a dragging which turned  out to be the lower half of my car.(idk what it’s called but the part the license plate is on) 

It’s like the shit just popped off bro idk what to do but i def can’t drive it and work is 30+ minutes away, is this enough for maybe a day or 2 leave so i can figure something out?
Nursing a shoulder injury haven’t been on the app since and I just checked and I have 5 new shifts. Is this a error or do I actually have to go in to work
This the one week I needed to use it, and it says I’m at $0 with 0% available to take out. This happening to anyone else?

Then you can wear ear buds again on the 31st day when the write up goes away and everything resets?
Hey Guys,

&#x200B;

So...basically I've been at Amazon as a tier 1 for a while now. I am a flex associate working in AFE and because of my tenure at the company I make a decent hourly wage. Politicaly speaking, I am on at least neutral terms with almost everyone in the department. I keep to myself and work hard. No write ups or issues. I only have experience in AFE and I've also tried problem solving.

&#x200B;

I have a bachelor's degree in an unrelated liberal arts field (yep I know, critical mistake!) and I've been trying to get into HR or something related to staffing/administrative work. Every time I apply using the internal transfer tool, I don't hear anything back about my application status. I do not have access to chime to contact my hiring managers. I cant even find these people to talk to them in real life.

So I have a few questions:

Who should I be talking to about my situation?

What do you guys suggest I do to improve my chances of getting these jobs?

Is there something I could be doing in my current role to be more attractive to higher tier positions? I really appreciate the feedback.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Grammar and clarification: I work as a flex class X associate but I work 20-30 hours a week. This is my only source of income at the moment. 
I got an email saying my medical loa was not approved but when I go into app it says it is and I’m not on the schedule for the week, has this happened to anyone else?
I had quit Amazon last year to spend time with family. Recently, I applied to my old position online. They send me an assessment to do online. About a week later, I received a check for 4 hours pay at my old rate. Is this normal? Never been paid for hours worked during an application process. Thinking I should call them Monday to check.
I'm considering going back to jfk8. I worked there briefly before going to delivery station because of commute. I live closer now and I'm seriously considering going back. Schedule just works better for me.

I'll be going back as a picker if I do, as i used to. And want to know what it's like there. It used to be intense with some micromanaging. PA's would be pushing higher pick rate, vesties would be following up on any error reports, and some AM's be just outride rude.

So yea, how is it now? Is it worth going back? Morning specifically do people get write ups for low pick rates and errors?

I left before they unionized.

Much appreciate any feedback. ✌
Hi all, I just accepted an offer as am L4 Area Manager in an FC in Germany. I start next month and I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed. I want to do well in my job and be a good manager to my associates. Can you please share everything that you feel any new Area Manager should know?
Anybody know what this shift activity is?
Yesterday they told us we are having MET for prime deals October 11 & 12 so I looked on my A to Z & sure enough I had to go in on my day off Wednesday & work 12 hours Thursday & Friday , this morning I checked my schedule on the app again and they took it off I now have Wednesday off & Thursday & Friday regular shifts any idea why?
Yesterday they told us we are having MET for prime deals October 11 & 12 so I looked on my A to Z & sure enough I had to go in on my day off Wednesday & work 12 hours Thursday & Friday , this morning I checked my schedule on the app again and they took it off I now have Wednesday off & Thursday & Friday regular shifts any idea why?
I applied for the area manager internship for the summer of 2024. I received an email saying I was accepted and they are preparing an offer including pay and location. My question is for those who have been through the process, did Amazon chose any of your top 5 location preferences?
So I show up to work and notice that all the people I got hired with and attended orientation with are now blue badges. I got the email a while back saying that I'm eligible. I don't understand why I'm not converted. It's not my work performance or my attendance. I did take a mloa for 3 days a while back, is that why? Any clue what it could be?
What is the smallest loa absence to take? Is it possible to just put one day because I am getting my wisdom teeth out Tuesday but I’m off Wednesday and Thursday anyways
Is there anyway to cancel a loa that has been approved and make a new one? I submitted the wrong dates and now it will not let me modify it.
I certainly tested it the first week, that's for sure.
All these are only because I was 8-15 minutes late 😅
Seeing red for a change is a good thing 🤣
Do anybody knows if they accepting transfers to another building for the month of October ?
Got this email tonight:

“Good news: you passed your background check, and selected your first shift! But, sadly, the shift you chose is no longer available. No worries – there are lots of available shifts to choose from. Choose your first shift now, and you’ll be that much closer to your first payday.”

There are no available shifts to choose from. I don’t understand how this happened. I went to my pre-hire appointment over a week ago and passed my background check/drug test when I went to work there a little over 3 months ago. I was really depending on this job and starting on my anticipated start date that was supposably “confirmed” in order to be able to pay my bills. I turned down two other jobs over the past 2 days. Now I feel like Im going to have to find another immediately if I cannot get Amazon to start me at the date they promised or before that. This is an awful feelings for sure.


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/171tw7z)
Question for people who have worked at other SC/warehouses - are any of those jobs better than Amazon?  As bad as Amazon is, I'm curious if FedEx/UPS/USPS/etc is any better, or is Amazon as good as it gets in this industry?  And if you liked the other place, why?
I have been looking around to figure out whether Area Manager in California paid bi-weekly or monthly and people literally say both so I don’t know. Any AM in California know this?
My site told us they are not converting anyone to blue badges. We (including myself) have been there a year and led to believe otherwise till recently. So a lot of people are walking off the job and quitting. It's crazy. 

Is this common practice to keep a bunch of seasonal people around sort or is this an unusual occurrence?
I've seen people spreading misinformation that earned UPT maxes out at 50 minutes per workday. This is not true. You earn 1 minute UPT per 12 minutes worked.
Hello! I am starting next week overnight shifts (9pm-5:30am) then I have school at 1pm. Any college students working at amazon?? Any advice or tips?? 
Is the transfer opportunities tab working for you guys ?? Mines keeps giving an error
Hi I received a fit note from my doctor today and i need to submit the fit note on the app but iI can't find a way to do it. Can anyone help me please thank you.
I worked at a FC as a packer for over a  year....2 years ago....now I'm back and the packing came back like riding a bike but for my legs hips and feet, not so much. Any tips on how to get through my day 3 on my feet? I have blisters all over them and the shoes are just unbearable at the moment....gonna be a loooong 10 1/2 hours 🙃
when they dont send VTO at your FC to your phone and they announce it how do they do it?
On the joint shift days the other manager walks around and tells certain people usually based off productivity or if he knows someone isnt feeling well...
The manager of my shift just picks up a mic and says "the first X amount of people to the desk gets VTO" then it creates a herd literally of people running then it makes people jump whenever they hear the mic or try to switch pack stations to be closer and its terrible
Took a late break to help avoid blue lights in fluid load . I walked into this one truck and saw this shit 😂
Whoever built this wall needs more training.
What are the hours like working at a delivery station is there full time/40 hour weeks? Or is it part time
It took about 6 weeks, but I did it! You did not know how hard it was to get a preference in! Yes! This schedule is very convenient for me! Yay!


Hello FASC community, I'm currently employed as a seasonal worker at a sortation center, specifically as an FC Associate I, L1 Sort Center Field-Seasonal VAR. The team and environment here are fantastic, but I'm looking to increase my working hours. Unfortunately, the sortation center only offers 4-hour shifts, and day shifts aren't an option for me. I've spoken with HR and they've informed me that I can't transfer to a fulfillment center without resigning from my current position first, since I'm not a "blue badge" employee. My concern is that if I resign and the shifts I want at the fulfillment center are no longer available, I could be left without employment for an indefinite period. Is there a more secure way to transition smoothly? Would it be appropriate for me to reach out to the HR department at the fulfillment center via email? Thanks in advance!
I was recently rehired and I’m feeling pretty good! I’m at pick and it’s not a pick nic aha but I’m planning on going back to where I originally was any advice on how to make pick a little easier?
So I live in Los Angeles and supposedly, amazon increased everyone’s pay by $1.25-ish in california. I was never notified in the amazon a to z app, so does this increase apply to everyone automatically or would I have been notified if it applied to me?
Hey y’all, so I was recently terminated months ago for violating a policy ( I’m certain that it is a wrongful termination) but I do want to go back to Amazon in the near future. I called the ERC and asked them if I eligible to be rehired and they said I can apply to any job that is suitable for me in the company. Does this mean I am eligible to be rehired?
Hi, I work at a sort center in KY. I am a blue badge part time employee, have worked for 2 years. I have not been able to find information on maternity leave for part time. I’ve called hr and they continue to provide full time employees benefits. I am aware I will not have a paid maternity leave a a part time employee. My question is will I have to request medical leave and do benefits like dental vision insurance stop during this time?
Hi, 

On September 20th I got an email from Amazon Operations University Recruiting that I passed the interview stage and Amazon is in the beginning process of preparing my offer and that I would receive the offer letter in about 14 business days. I received a follow up email last week Monday, September 25th, that my offer letter is on the way and will be another 5-7 business days. I emailed my recruiter this Monday, just replying back to the email that said my offer letter is on the way but I haven’t heard anything back (it’s technically the 7th business day today). I was wondering should I email my recruiters email directly or keep emailing the Amazon university to push for another update? 

Is there anything that I can do to push for an update? Or should I just wait it out? 
Is the antitrust lawsuit that came out last week going to impact their hiring practices? 

If anyone has any insight it would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you!
I might be moving in February and was wondering is it possible to transfer from a fulfillment center to a delivery station in a another city a few hours away or would I have to apply all over again TIA
So while working, I received an email stating my UPT went negative. My UPT has never went negative, but I currently have 3 hours left from using a day recently . Also they opened a case and I responded with the error and they closed it instantly with no response
Does AMAZON have a new UPT policy effective in Oct 2023?
I signed up for career choice and Amazon paid it in full already can I transfer from full time to Flex Time? I can’t take the 40 hours anymore

I know i’m not the only one who smokes before  and during work (on breaks). Does anyone have any experience with a manager, AM, or PA caring about it?

There have been several occasions where I got too high before work and my managers definitely noticed it. I had horrible cotton mouth too so I couldn’t even articulate correctly to them.

Nobody said anything and there are no subtle behaviors that they demonstrate that makes me think they care. Do you think that they keep tabs on these things? Most of the managers and PA’s look blasted as hell themselves, so I can’t imagine they’d care about me. Nothing has happened, but i’m curious if anyone has ever had consequences for this kind of thing.
Anybody else here hourly within SDS? That 8.4% raise is looking hella nice 👀👀
How many hours of UPT do new employees receive when they are hired? I will have to leave an hour early on my Friday shift to pickup my kid. Also how much UPT do you occur per shift/hour?
I start at Smd1 in two weeks and I wanted to know what the differences between smd1 and a regular fulfillment center like dca1 are
Think about it: RDR down the second week in a row. DAs going on Easel routes. Getting Read-Only on the new Geo Data Editor. Permissions to close out Diving Catches ourselves went away (we have to go through OTR L6 or CO to get the package(s) marked delivered).

I believe it's soon to come.
So what’s the dress code for a sorting center? Are we allowed to listen to music? Jw.
Anybody want to tell me how it’s like working here ?
I recently applied to train for AFM Amnesty Floor Monitor. I feel like I remember reading the 10+ hours of UPT is no longer a requirement. Is that true or did I dream this?
I recently accepted my Tom team offer I was wondering what exactly does the background check look for and what disqualifications are there
Is clocking in when not on the schedule a thing?
My site had notices that starting oct 1st, upt would be changing from 3 upt/hr to 5 upt/hr for all full time employees. just finished an 8 hour shift and only got 24min of upt. Is it because i'm white badge? has anyone else had the issue?
As an SC AA myself, I have asked a similar question (which I will post about a month ago) about what people who work in my building wish FC AAs can do to prevent them from sending damaged boxes to the building. If SC AAs like myself are constantly dealing with stuff like boxes being ripped opened, stuff spilling in the shuttles, etc, maybe DS AAs deal with the same thing to.
I know some of us have had AMs and OM managers that have pushed you yelled at you and made you work like crazy and some who took me under their wing and taught me alot . I had a few of those that made me wana quit. Looking back i am grateful because if they never did that i wouldn't have learned what i know or been initiative like i am today.  One of them told me they saw potential in me and are proud of me and now i see it. Am helping my peers and sharing my knowledge with others.  Not saying IS OK but sometimes we need that push to be better.  Every manger has different ways of doing things. Some can come out to strong some are chilled. 
WHAT IS AMTRAM SORT ?

I’m flex RT and I usually work 10:30am-9pm on Sundays I have been for like 3 months and today my schedule was actually 10:30am-2pm then I was suppose to come back and work 6pm-1am I ended up committing time theft for 2:30pm-5:30pm am I gonna get fired or get just a write up I called the ERC and told them what I did and they said that it depends on my on-site HR and he told me to go ahead and go back and work the 9:30pm-1am so that I’ll only get 1 point for a partial absence I’m stressing this is the 1st time I have ever done this and I don’t want to loose my job
so i was terminated about 2 weeks ago for negative upt and i appealed it and should be told my answer soon. would i be able to get some sort of back pay if i’m able to go back ?
Like I apply for it before but I have no idea what I’m gonna be doing

Any help or explaining will be appreciated
What can you guys tell me about the Manual Palletize department? What does success look like there for the department? What are the most critical roles?
I hope this is a sign of better pay coming for everyone that works for amazon. In today’s times this is more than deserved!
Will we still be earning our standard 6-month raises this year? Mine always comes in early July and November.
To whoever uses daily pay are you seeing less on there because I checked mines and it went down $3
Are y'all ready?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/16x4lkv)
I was just hired by Amazon as a seasonal warehouse associate in NJ. Do they get paid weekly or bi-weekly?

I've been reading a lot that FlexPT don't get benefits, but a commenter in one of the posts mentioned he still contributes to the 401k as a FlexPT. Can others confirm if FlexPT gets the 401k based on their own experiences? Thank you!
Does anybody know why I’m not gaining anymore pto I’m flex at a Delivery station and I’ve been working my whole shift and I’m not getting pto anymore .
I get off at 4:30am during the shift(morning hours). I have jury duty Monday & Thursday(I have shift tonight, & Wednesday night before jd). I see where you can request the days off for jury duty. Since it's not during my shift, I should still be able to do it for the Monday, but since I'm off the Thursday, can I still request the Sunday night & Wednesday night off too, since I get off at 4:30am, & have to be at jury duty 45 minutes away from the Amazon site, & about an hour away from where I live.

Address I got summoned at was my grandma's house owned by my aunt, I don't even live there anymore, but still have the address on my license & still get mail sent there & able to pick it up, as well). I'd rather not do it, but I didn't know when it'd be, I got the letter in mail a month or so ago, but lost it. I got the actual invitation cards from the courthouse/sheriff for it, I already missed two of the days last week. I'll probably just tell them Monday I don't live at residence currently & work a nightshift job.

So is jury duty paid out by Amazon? Since I get off from shifts at 4:30am, you think I can use the summons to request the night before & night of, off, since it says jury duty goes for at least half of the day(it's 8:45am), idk how long it could go or normally goes. I'm definitely not trying to go to work the night of, I'll likely have little to no sleep, then to be getting off at 4:30am, less than 3 hours before I'll need to be hitting the road to drive to jury duty, both days, even if those shifts aren't the actual jury days(ugh, I was hoping the jury days were during the MET next week so I could have at least a guaranteed, excused day off from that).

Should I go talk to my sites HR/PXT, or should I call the My HR # on AtoZ to talk to them & ask about what my options are? I already missed two days of summoned jury duty last week because I didn't know what the days were, I hope they don't have a warrant for my arrest from those, hopefully as minor as that, it'd be a personal recognizance. Or they have me show cause of why I missed, & I tell them cause I work nights at Amazon & lost the initial paper they sent, & I don't currently reside at that address.

I already hope I don't go there tomorrow am & get arrested from missing the two days last week, both during shifts I could've gotten out of & got paid for(assuming the jury duty summons still pays out by Amazon).
has anyones pay compensation update on the app yet with what you’ll now be making from the raise ? 🫣
Who do I talk to about making the purple and white stow lights much brighter?  I am having a hard time seeing them when stowing a product. I am at SIL3. Help? 
Trying to do an internal transfer from flex to full through the a to z app and the only thing i see is flex time
I just submitted my time for today and tomorrow but can I also do Thursday to have my 3 days? Or does it have to be 3 consecutive days?
Am I able to get my pto refunded if I clocked in just in time for my shift but used it in case I was late to clock in? If that makes any sense lol or should go to hr about it?
I was approved for a transfer to LGB7 for pack singles. My question is do they still move you to different departments even though you’re assigned to one area? And also is there a lot of VET & VTO opportunities? And are you guys allowed to use Amazon approved ear phones?
I’ve been sick all week, took PTO one day and VTO for another. No more PTO or VTO for tonight. I have enough UPT so if I just don’t show up, I mean is that all good? lol
Hi, I was reaching out to see if I should fully take advantage of career choice and pursue a bachelors degree through it. I am currently 21 and have a corporate role as an L2, and a few L4s I interact with daily just found out my age and are trying to push me into using career choice while staying with Amazon to get a degree...and was just curious on it. 

&#x200B;

To make it short:  


Is Career Choice worth it? 

Are there any specific schools I should apply for?

Is it worth staying with AMZ for the four years?, and can I transition to a new role easily with a degree internally?  

So shift choice opened back up. Basically, most of the days and shifts had some or few open spots. Out of all the days, I was shocked to see Saturday be having more spots. Why? Is BH that bad at my site? Lol this is too good to be true 😂😂😂. It is hard to get the shift choice gods to change your schedule. There are new hires that are there right now. Ain't no way my schedule is going to change soon, even with all open shifts. Lol please tell me I am in a dream. This is funny 😂😂. Hope they are not firing too many people at my site.
My site has started checking for chargers and headphones at screening… they are doing this to discourage stealing. Production is noticeably lower across the board.. they are writing people up if they go through screening with a charger or headphones
I’m not talking an hour here, just maybe 10-15 min. Do I get the excess PTO automatically refunded or just lose it? Or do I have to talk to HR to get the excess time back?

Will SC get $1 raise too? My SC hasn't said anything about the raise, just the new UPT policy.
I got a question what will I be doing for pickstage and sort is it easy or can I be tuff ?
Are there any other options besides UPT/PTO for one or two days off at a time? My child's daycare has a 24 hours with no symptoms policy so a fever or cold essentially eats up at least two days of time.
My first day of Amazon is next month on the 15th . I will be 24 weeks pregnant then . I’ll be working at a sortation center not sure what I’ll be doing until I start . Will the accommodate me so I don’t have to lift anything to heavy ? Has anyone started working here pregnant ?? I’m not showing so they won’t know I’m pregnant I’m debating if I want to tell them I really need this job . Don’t want to blow the opportunity .
I recently got an L3 position, with a set offer, no pay raise tier schedule. The amount I’m making now for my L3 is actually less than Tier 1 AAs in the building. I thought it was a promotion? Anyway, my question is when does HR get a pay raise? Is it based on performance evaluation now? I am too embarrassed to ask my L4…

xposted to amazonfc
We had a new site in the area open up recently, so there was a bunch of old managers, PAs, vets... you get the idea, leaving. Between that and the new management having very little proper training before they had to take over, things have been a disaster. Applications for my site are frozen for the new building to get people, we're almost constantly having to roll volume (example, yesterday was 39k with .42 and we did 31), everyone that's staying is getting burnt out, I've talked to a handful of people that are ready fo hand in their badge... I could go on but y'all can probably get the idea from that.

I guess at this point, do I wait it out, try to talk with management, or try to escalate it to a higher-up? Because this is only the third week of the new team and I want to give them the benefit of the doubt to figure it out, but I don't know if we'll have enough people to run the place by the time they do. Oh, and every single day we've needed volunteers from the new site to basically save the burning ship, so that's pretty cool.
How much are we required to be able to lift as packers?
Sometimes I just want to hang myself off a bridge…

I worked for Amazon an an Area Manager II then received a reasonable accommodation to transfer into the role of an Human Resources Business Partner. 

On July 6 (correct date) 2023 I informed my former boss of an individual that wanted to transfer to the site I was at at the time, and I was asked “well wait its not an accommodation like yours, right”? The further added that they had no choice but to take my accommodation. 

I was triggered and the for the rest of the day I was triggered which caused me to have a mental breakdown. That mental breakdown was all that was needed to move me out of the way. No record of disciplinary action, no write up, nothing. 

Then I received a message that it was being told to others, I was “terminated”.

I was going to work daily between 7/7:30 am and most days leaving between 7 or even as late as 8:30pm. When I’d get home I’d open my laptop to work and provide support to the team. 

I faced similar instances in my Area manager role where I was told that because I was external I didn’t understand company language, and that it was unfair that I was paid a higher salary. (Im cleaning up what was actually said). When I would not discuss my salary with others, it caused a lot of indirect conflict between myself and others. The conflict within..I questioned my worth, I questioned my ability to perform. 

Before policy changed for women to have long nails, I was confronted for being out of policy and in that discussion I was told “I didn’t think you would react that way.” But if I became defensive the consequences I may have faced.

I started getting poor reviews due to my accomodation and at one point called an “immature leader” which I reported but I never was informed of the outcome. I still received poor reviews thereafter. 

Now, me and my dog are both hungry…

Black women can’t be weak…we gotta be strong in the face of others to be seen as “tolerable”…if not, we face harsh consequences. 

In those harsh consequences, I started to believe I’m nothing…in which I am just that.

This is my truth..

May 22 2023-August 1 2023

My start date was pushed back from May 14 to the 22nd. I was also informed my training would be 3 weeks instead of 4 since my start date was pushed out. That 1 week missed or training had me trying to pick up all of the pieces that I missed.

When I was let to, I had completed not even half of my onboarding training.
I got promoted to L3 and being sent to train at a site 3 hrs away. They are paying for my flight but will reimburse me for my hotel. Is there any way to book the hotel and have them pay for it instead of me paying for it and getting reimbursed? Any help appreciated!
So I have approved personal leave of absence between oct 8-22. It is showing I still work on those days on my schedule. Does that change closer to the date or should I be worried about it?
I start on October 26th. This was the highest pay I could find within an Amazon warehouse job. Rate it 1 out of 10!  The hours are ROUGH but I have done it before. Last time I did RT I was making $18.90. So this is a bit better. I’d give it a 7/10 personally.
I started working the 21st of this month and we get paid Friday and I use Wisely BUT I set up to get paid direct deposit 2 days earlier. My last amazon job I got paid with the same Wisely card I’m using now for the Delivery Sortation got the $$ around 4:38 pm when I was working at a fulfillment center I’m currently now at Delivery Sortation and It’s 10:47pm I still haven’t gotten my direct deposit pay but I can view my pay statements on ADP what does this mean??
I’m working on something which requires working knowledge of how a sorting center works. I’ve seen a few videos and I think the process is inbound - sort slide - pick off - splitter - water spider - stager 

But what specifically are we doing at each stage. What is the decision process for sort slide and then what is the splitter doing. In the unnarrated videos I’ve come across it all comes off as just randomly throwing boxes. 

I’m sure this is not the case, obvs. But I’m just wondering about the particulars.

Thanks in advance.

I just started working at Amazon fresh last week and obviously don’t have enough time for PTO or UPT. 

My dad is having his first chemotherapy session next week and I wanted to go with him. I haven’t received the schedule for next week yet so I don’t know if I’m working that day. 

Am I able to tell a manager if they could avoid putting me on for that day or would i have to request time off once I get the schedule? I don’t want my UPT to go into the negatives on my second week.

How long after you have the meeting for appeal do you know if you’re fired fired?
So I ended up going on a leave from 09/03 - 09/07. My case manager canceled the leave reopened a leave case from the dates of 07/26 - 08/26. She informed me that I needed to get an extension created for the leave. I called up the doctor **(I have a doctor, psychiatrist, and my family has our own personal pediatrician..My doctor informed me that because they and my family’s pediatrician were affiliated they were allowed to send me doctor excuses from the family‘s pediatrician)** who I got the doctor notes from and asked for them to email me a modified version of the dates on the leave. I submitted in the documentation and saw around **11:43PM on 09/07** that an investigation had concluded due to the documents being marked as fraudulent. So I got terminated on 09/08. I went up to my site HR to speak with them about everything but they redirected me back to the ERC/DLS. I’ve spoken with a total of 20 people ever since 09/08 and I‘m grateful for the help I’ve received from the agents. The investigation team called the pediatrician office who said the documents were invalid but I’ve tried to reach out to the pediatrician personally because she’s involved with my family but I haven’t been able to reach her. I’ve tried to reach out to the doctor and couldn’t reach them until 3-4 days ago. They resent me the documentation with my pediatricians location and number. They even sent me in documents with their business and contact info **(which I don’t get why they didn’t just give me that in first place)** and I have a note from the psychiatrist but she has yet to email it to me but I’ve sent and forwarded every bit of documentation from that doctor to the DLS to let them know that that’s the doctor I got it from and it’s not something I’ve made up on my own. I have to speak to my case manager tonight to discuss possible reinstatement and the documentation I’ve forwarded to the team from that doctor. I just wanted to share this story with you all. Sorry!
If VET is release with a shift premium, do people who are already scheduled for the shift also get the extra premium? TNS fulfillment CLT3.

Apparently my fc isn't doing vto for flex anymore. (phl7). Is anyone else's like this?

I am a AM and for the past couple of months I’ve had troubles with a T1 AA. This AA in my opinion is not well mentally and fails to follow directions. This  AA was suspended 2 months  ago for a duration of 2 weeks for making physical threatening claims against me, my PA and OPS. 
Recently I have heard from multiple T1 AAs that the problematic associate has made threatening remarks on trying to get me fired no matter what as well as entering a favoritism complaint through HR. This AA favoritism claims stem from not being staffed in indirect roles such as PS. As I previously mentioned this AA fails to follow orders and is also massive idle time and often TOT. How are these favoritism claims investigated?
They are trying to stop a strike!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/16tt863)
Does anyone have any experience with the e-verify team or the everifyissues email? They don't seem to like replying to emails.
Anyone else's building start using the new blank white badges to login to scanners and workstations trailers?thoughts on it???? I heard it's main SSD buildings doing it
Did your building start the new drip sort schedules? What are your thoughts on it?
I had a tentative start date & shift time...but my background check took too long so I lost my spot. Currently, there's no more available shifts. 

Would it be more effective to check the public search on hiring.amazon.com OR should I keep trying to reschedule and look for shifts under my active application?
Hello, I’m starting a position of Full time seasonal fulfillment center, and was wondering how many hours of upt I start off with and how soon I am able to use them.
 Hello , I start my first day tomorrow 9/28 . However , on October 11th I am moving homes , they told me about MET and it so happens that there will be a prime event on 10/10-10/11 if they so schedule me that day and I explain to HR I can’t go in that day because I am moving will they be okay with it
Does that mean I need to do a minimum of 30 hours per week

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/4smm3kgqeqqb1.png?width=530&format=png&auto=webp&s=24f1ab92d74fbc1853594875ffb7f6fd5b5ca92d
alright so i’m currently in tx and moving to another state. say i applied for a transfer and for my start date at the new facility to be x/x/2023, can i then setup a LOA and have it end right before my new start date? i want to be able to settle in before i start my new facility and not immediately have to start work without having everything unpacked and situated yet.
Is it possible to receive mental health accommodations such as a reduced work schedule? If you've had to request other accommodations, what was your experience like?
candidate support basically said my only option is to wait 48 hours, get terminated, then start over again and wait for a shift to be hiring locally to get a new start date. to be clear I was on Pace to get there an hour and a half early for my first shift when I broke down however my first shift was 120 in the morning start and that was outside the hours of any support or HR so despite trying to contact to reschedule before the shift started it wasn't until the final hours of the shift that I made contact with anyone and I just got an email and a text message saying I have a VTO opportunity tonight at the 48 hour mark, I have no idea what a VTO opportunity is but I can't do anything because I don't have a badge or know my employee login and everything everywhere other than get terminated and start over says it's done through a to z and that requires my employee id,. halp! the only start dates I'm seeing available from this point forward are all another month away and I just waited a month for this start date I don't have any resources to fall back on it's imperative that I start as soon as possible
I’m just curious if any other warehouses are also getting a $1 raise starting October 1st
I’m debating on taking a personal leave to test out a new job but I don’t want to quit Amazon until I know the new job is better. I know what leave I want, but who approves it? How long does it generally take to get approved? Can I come back before my leave is up? AtoZ won’t let me access LAVA on my home wifi so I can’t see all the ins and outs.
I know each building is different when it comes to AirPods and such but my building just announced that if security catches you with AirPods in your bag on the X-rays that you get an immediate write up. They just now started this policy and curious to know if any other building is going this far?
Edit: for clarity's sake, say that I'm a Regular Flex Associate and I pick up a shift, then I use PTO to cover that shift. Will I then accumulate PTO a few hours after the shift has ended just as I would if I actually went to work and not used PTO to cover the shift?


Hopefully this makes more sense.




Edit 2: a word.
Literally minding my own business when two coworkers start making faces behind my back during stand up. I turned around to mean mug them before I walked down a pick aisle. They followed me and start talking about me loudly to each other and started aggressively stomping on the ground. It was non verbal, but the body language was implying they would “stomp me” and literally did it right in front of a camera.

🙄 Should I have just ignored it or was I right to report? It was hard for me to ignore them because I feel a fight would have started if I said something back,
Am am flex employee and I had to go to  hospital for a work and missed alot of shifts will amazon take my hospital excuse I have a letter of proof from the hospital I was there.

Anybody knows how long it takes to get transferred from a DS to a fc?
I've been thinking of applying for one, but I don't even know where to start. Is it in the AtoZ app? If so, then where? Because I cannot find anything to do with it. Or do I have to do it in-person with HR?
I've seen quite a few people say they are excused from MET because they got an "Accommodation from a doctor." 

I always assumed that was just for people who have a legitimate injury. It sure seems like there are relatively "healthy" people getting it somehow. I'm not knocking it, I'm more curious how easy it is to get because I wouldn't be against looking into it lol.
What’s the quickest way to get to first shift or flex? All of my internal transfers have been denied and I’m in a newer FC (opened in June I was the second week of hires) they still denied my applications even when they were posting first shift positions online.
I literally quit last year and pick and stage contributed to about 90% of that decision.

I hate how busy each aisle gets, as if they can’t design a better system that ensures that only (x) amount of people will pick in each aisle. Having to wait several minutes just for people to move out of the aisle and then everyone with fresh routes has to make their way in.

It’s not just that, though. It’s beyond boring. I hated stowing so much until pick and stage. It made me enjoy stowing.

Anyone else relate?
I’m thinking about transferring from a DS to an FC. What is it like being in Pick work path? Are you expected to make rate by speed walking back and forth throughout the site during your shift?
It started with Bernie, thanks for pay bump years
I applied four times for a Hardship Transfer.  My HR manager will not transfer me.  He knows I am in real need of this transfer.  Two employees were allowed to transfer without a hardship within 7 days.  I've even emailed the CEO team.  They just told me they will talk to HR and HR will handle my hardship transfer (the CEO team even closed my case)  HR still did not transfer me.

Is this a thing
So i’ve already had MET added to my schedule (Tuesday), and my normal schedule is Wed-Sat, normal overtime day is supposed to be Sunday. I have plans for my birthday on Sunday, so my question is this: If I pick up a shift on Monday, can they still make me work that Sunday if they needed to add another day of MET for prime?
If I purchase Peccy pins outside of my facility can I wear them to work? I keep waiting for Peccy events at my facility and none have vibe about. They are available for purchase with swag bucks and all and that’s fine but they don’t have any I want. Thoughts???? Also my facility doesn’t do anything fun and inclusive so I’m stepping out on my own to make this job a little more fun and interesting. I’m getting so bored of the repetitive and limited opportunities in my professional development.
What happens to your FSA amount after you resign?
Any idea how i can Access my stock portal.. every time i try it says “user not found” got gifted RSU with recent L4 Promo.
I’m not saying that Associates are but if they were using…Wtf are people on at work because I know they aren’t high on life.  I don’t think it’s Coke because they’d be going to the bathroom  every 20 minutes.  I’m talking about super human endurance and never getting tired at work.  IDGAF about weed, it’s legal in California.  Meth? Opiates? GHB?  Like fr what is it?  I’m not asking anyone to confess but what they’ve seen or suspect.  Just asking for a friend…

Edit: additional text below 

Those calling me HR or a narc is comical, if you only knew me. I legitimately am curious.  Idgaf what people do.  I can’t ask those I suspect of use directly, so I thought I could come to this community and get answers.  To those who have been helpful with their comments, I thank you.  To those that have been snide and insinuating other motives, move along…there is nothing here for you and quite frankly no one wants to hear it.
I thought I'd post here that now seasonal employees can transfer!
I'm starting Amazon in about 2 weeks, but I won't know my benefits until my first day apparently. So I am unaware of how it works. I read on Google Amazon is open on Thanksgiving and Christmas, but then I read on here it's reduced hours Thanskgiving and off Christmas? But I will also be out of state after Christmas for a week. Will it be easy to request this off? I heard there are blackout weeks and I suspect that one may be one. But I legitimately have a booked flight already and refuse to miss this trip. Will I be screwed? Should I just cut my losses and stay at my current job until after that time?
Last night, I was sent a vto notification on my scanner and went to the pick desk to ask if I could accept it. The pick desk rep said yes, scanned my badge, and told me that I could clock out for the day. Before that I had 1.5 hours of upt but now I’m in the negative.

I contacted MyHR on the A to Z app and they closed my case because there was apparently no indication I was offered/took vto…

Since I’m negative, will my badge stop working? I have a shift tonight…

Edit: Just received a negative UPT email from HR 🙄
Can I become a full time employee, im seasonal atm
My brother got terminated due to 13 hours negative but it was two different managers that didn’t put in the VTO they gave him. What should he do? He tried to go to HR twice to fix it but they told him he has to speak to his manager. He spoke with his manager and he told him he was going to put in a ticket but it didn’t get fixed. He told him again that he was still negative but he didn’t fix it again. 


Pls help him. He hasn’t got an email to appeal the termination.
I have my training tomorrow morning @3:20 am and another one the day after @4:20 am. I used to work for amazon and I left halfway through a shift one day because I couldn’t take the boredom anymore.

Clearly, i’m back now. The money is consistent, scheduling is flexible, and amazon reimburses a certain amount of tuition money. It’s also an easy job.

The issue that I know i’m walking back into is the boredom. It truly drove me crazy. I felt like I was gonna crawl out of my skin all day. Listening to music isn’t allowed, so what are your guys’ techniques on pushing through?
Y’all I seen the craziest shit today, our ws is a small ass buff dude like five foot tall lmao, and I swear this mf be doing the most, like how he don’t get tired, he lifted all noncon by himself and closed more carts that anyone I seen like wtf? What are these mfs on?? He be somehow getting all the girls ato they be the one approaching him to talk and he just walks away from them like wtf? I want those powers . If I apply to be one will I be chick magnet too??

If the shift flexes up to 5 hours and I only have 4 hours UPT, will I go negative?
Basically what the title says. How do we report our expenses we accrued during AD1? Do I have to download an app? Or wait for someone to send me a link to download? I have hella receipts, both physical and digital. Also, if it is an app, do we use our Amazon email or our Personal one? Thanks in advance.
I start my new shift and the schedule is Thurs, Fri, Sat from 4:30PM-5:00 AM. 37 hours a week. The pay is $21.65/hr. Is this average or should I be expecting a bit more considering it’s a night shift? I am most likely going to be operating PIT machines which I prefer. Anyone else work those long grindy 12 hour shifts?
I’m really not trying to work during peak season since Amazon is my side job. When will they be closing down Aswb for peak?
Next week I'm doing my first TOMMY run alone. Also it is gonna be the first time driving a semi alone on the road. Any advice?
What is the step plan cap for Tier 1s?
If I resign same day, does it matter if I show up for that shift ? Would I still be eligible for rehire later on in life ?
Quick question for you peeps, do you acquire upt if you use upt ? I’m assuming not since it’s technically not worked but wanted to see if you guys know for sure , keep trucking my fellow amazonians

Hello,

I'm currently working only weekends at amazon from 7:30-6:00. I am thinking about going to reduced time flex (30 hours). I know it'll be a pay drop but I wanted to know if flex shifts offer the surge pay (lightning pay).

Also, does reduced time earn VTO? I don't get it right now as part time. I only get PTO and UPT.

Do you pick shifts weekly or bi-weekly?
What’s actually worth looking into in career choice? I’ve been a picker for two years and I want to do something better with my life.
Are L3 HR associates getting the $1 pay increase on Oct 1st?
Im currently enrolled in SNHU and career choice is paying my tuition. I was hoping to take the last term of the year off due to peak because I dont think I can handle the 60 hour work weeks on top of holidays and schoolwork. Has anyone else skipped a term and gone back after? Did you have any issue with career choice picking pay back up the next term? 

I talked to my advisor, and they said they can handle moving the classes around for me so im good when I come back, but she also said I should double check with amazon first to make sure my financial coverage isnt hurt by it. Anyone have any experience with this?
I got an email stating I won’t be getting hired due to background check. I thought my background check would be clear but unfortunately it won’t be clear until next month. (in my state after 7 years crimes won’t appear on Bg check)

How soon after application rejection can i apply? & does Amazon do a new background check for every application?
I will try to answer questions to the best of my ability. If I'm not 100% sure of something I can deep dive and find out the answer.

If you have any questions let me know!

Context: I worked at a few different buildings through out the 4 years it took me to get to L5. I have no college degree. I previously worked  in fast food and then worked my way up to this position. 
I’ve worked in a Fulfillment center for about a year and a half and also got a promotion for toms team which in a month I’ll be making a year, how hard is it to level up from a l3 to a l4 ??
My site in SoCal just received a $1.50 raise for all associates starting October 1st.
Hey, I’m looking to talk to workers with disabilities who are struggling to get accommodations at Amazon. PM me if you’d be interested in talking!

I’m a student reporter with Columbia J-School, working on this story
I work at a DS warehouse in Florida and they told us we no longer have to use our high Vis vests unless we go outside to the trucks or work on OTR with the drivers. Other than that we are no longer required to use our vests during sort.

I'm negative about an hour and a half so I won't be able to make it to the positive unless a miracle happens. 

I'm hoping they give me at least until next Tuesday before the big customer promotion.
Being an L4 can you internally apply to L5 positions?
I applied to the campus next program almost a month ago and my application recently moved to “Under Consideration.” Does this mean I passed the assessment? 

I applied to 2 campus next job openings and the other one still says “Application Submitted.”

Thank you in advance for any responses.
My background came back as decisional,  does anyone know if they take a long time to decide whenever they want to hire you or not
If we start on Oct 4th will I get the pay raise everyone is talking about? i’m starting at $20 an hour.

Update: My pay updated to $21.
ive been hearing things about raises lol mainly in the fc reddit are sort centers, ds, etc also getting raises or just certain areas?
Currently doing pack but want to switch to a better schedule. I’ve worked in that particular building so I’ve got a small idea of what the outbound area looks like, but only ever did inbound roles.
I need to know, or at least inquire as to why some of you all are so damn rude, and hateful. My guess is you all reflect the type of people amazon hires. Not all of us take out our frustrations on others, so I can’t comprehend why all the smartass remakes in almost every post in here. I feel the moderators should do a better job at handling this as well, because it’s not a safe space at all.
I have acid reflux since a few hours ago, I’ve been feeling worse then, hoping by the morning I’ll be ok, but what would be my best option? LOA for a day or two and go to the doctor to get a note?? Considering I have 10 minutes UPT and about 5 hours vacation, yeah I’m screwed.
What is a senior regional manager?


What is a Station operations manager?
Taxes is gonna eat that shit up
Just that. Think some of the machines have skimmers on them. I don’t use my card often. But I use it on the vending machines 2-3 times a shift.

Just got an alert someone tried to use my credit card. Think it was from this.

Anybody experience anything like this from the Amazon vending machines…..
I’ve been on medical leaves, etc., and have been sort of mentally checked out for personal reasons, since they changed our UPT to accruing 3 minutes per hour versus dropping 20 hours every quarter like they used to. 

The question I have is: is there a way to know when I’ve reached my limit of UPT for the year? Is there a limit? Let’s say we saved up to 80 hours and use it one year. Do we start accruing again that same year? 

I don’t know how I don’t know, but… I don’t. 

Thanks in advance.
Is it necessary to put in a 2 week notice when leaving amazon, or can you resign on atoz the day of ?
I worked at Target in Boulevard area few years ago and it was horrendous. The Target worked at is outta nowhere so I had to rely on "overpriced DoorDash and Grubhub app and I lost $50 of my earning daily from that app", because of lack of food court, or no fast food store in the area I used to worked at. Do they feed their employees well in Amazon when it comes to providing equal access to food and meals. Does Amazon have food court inside the store? How employees spent their time during break especially if they work 6-8 hr shifts?

Note : The prices of the meals are extra, and that is expected. I do hope Amazon treats you well and provide you access to food court to buy and get food.
I'm already past the 3-year step plan so I'm curious what I'm entitled to.

Does anyone know if i can go to wellness to see if they can do anything for my back and neck hurting? I got in a car accident and my back and neck hurts so I’m wondering if they will do anything or send me back with Tylenol 😅
I had my new-hire appointment today and they said that my orientation will be from 9pm- 1:45am. I saw on other shift postings that you can get paid up to $2 extra for working a shift after 7pm and I was just wondering if this still applies for the four days that I'll have the trainings or if it would only be base pay?

Also, do weekend shifts pay extra or is it only night and overnight shifts?


Just wondering if it is possible to appeal a write up for attendance points and what are the chances of winning?
I don’t want to work peak other than my scheduled hours
I mean, obviously you have to be skilled but usually what are the requirements for someone to join as a developer? I'll start soon as an agent but i'm learning javascript through self-visioned, functional, (hopefully commercial) projects. However i'd like to know how factible is to join as a JS developer. If not, what knowledges are needed? Thanks for the answers
Anyone work at LAS8 and what do you do there? I seen it say FC.
Hi, so I recently got the job as an AM but I am now waiting for the offer letter with the location. 

How set is the location they offer me? 
Can I try to change it if it’s too far from me? 

I’m just curious while I wait.
I work as a pallet stower/verifier. no one, and i mean no one at my facility who picks, cleans up the bin when it’s empty. 

1. it’s dangerous, wrap gets caught on other pallets and they drag almost off the racking 
2. it’s messy. plastic wrap hanging down in front of barcodes so we constantly have to get off our PIT and move it just to scan a barcode.
3. cardboard and empty boxes constantly fall in our path or on top of our pit.

anyone else at a Fulfillment Center have to deal with this?

UPDATE:
Our buildings supervisor/manager replied to my post on the VOA board with something completely unrelated to the issue. Glad to see even the person in charge can’t take time to read over my post and understand what was said. Several PA’s came to me and couldn’t believe what he responded. It was completely off topic from this issue.
So I took a full day of vto , I know that upt can be accrued for vto (30mins for a full day ).Now if I apply say 5 hours of vacation to cover 5 hours of vto ,will I lose the upt(by taking vto) I accrued for said five hours .
is there a bot for insta cart
Hi everyone just wondering what the different areas of pack are at a fulfillment centre. I know of pack singles and pack flow but not sure what the difference is or what others there are.

I just got converted and my pto is acting whack
Alright here we go!

I returned to Amazon and started in an FC. Two days after starting I applied with TOM. Got it right away (used to be a YM at a DS). They say that the start date was a month later as the building I was going to wasn't open yet. Fine. But I was driving an hour plus each day to get to this FC and the new building was going to be the new FC in my area. 

Anyways, the month goes by and I start with TOM training. Get my CDL permit and all but quickly find out TOM was not for me as I get high anxiety, over anxious and more. So I tell them I'm gonna resign and take back a T1 spot until the new building opens. 

Well TOM HR steps in as usual in this situation and say it can take over 30 days to find me a spot and do the transfer. Fine. But in the meantime they don't have anything for me so telling me to just sit around. Keep in mind, the building I'm training at is not my home site, not my Tom team. 

Well I ask about a T1 role I saw at another building and would be willing to switch to it. TOM HR says that it's not my job to find me another spot and that they have to do it and will not allow me to take it. 

I found that super odd as I was helping speed up the process. 

Anyways, I speak with Tom manager on site and he says I have multiple options, one to wait, one to go on a leave and one to resign and reapply in 24 hours since I'm in good standing. 

Well I apply for a LOA and speak to HR on the phone. They tell me it is denied because I didn't select the 15 days out and then the 15 days after that. I told them my situation and they still said no. I called back a few hours ago and explain again and the lady said she will put me on medical leave due to mental health issues I point out. 

Well 15 minutes goes by as we're talking and she says "well there's an error. Because your building tour assigned to is not open we can not process the request at this time. Everything will be sent to my manager to get it settled in 3-5 business days"

I laugh and say please send me all this in an email. They do. At this point I'm going on the leave and have enough paper trail to back me up. I might even resign and keep an eye out for a spot that's more what I want. 

How crazy is this?! And sorry for the longest reddit post ever.
How can I cancel my transfer? Please help me
I started off as a T1 in AMZL 2019 and became a PA for a SSD site in 2022 and I recently got promoted to L4 at my current SSD site in May. Though my building seems to promote a lot of internal promos several T1-T3 and 2 T3-L4 (this including myself) that being said from what I’ve seen my building does not have the best track record with L4-L5 promos as a PA I worked with several L4 managers that were great at there role and gave me great adivce/coaching but they were always given the runaround regarding there promo.
What necessarily defines the promo to the next level? Is it possible to get a L5 through internal job finder within operations or corporate?
Aside from projects, what else would be helpful to standout?
was all I said that awkward moment someone walked up to the door and looked in on me wiping my ass. They yelped. Oh well.

I was written up before my 90 day mark due to TOT. As of now I cannot cover to blue badge until mid-october. My UPT could potentially go negative a few hours. Would this be a big risk and result in termination? Can I review my write ups in AtoZ?
So atm I am trying to get into LEAD to learn the lead the lanes at my warehouse. A manager requested me but according to her I was denied. All she told me was to familiarize myself with Amazons leadership principles? What does this mean? What are these principles per say? I work at a sortation center.
Bear witness 🙏
I already signed for DD through my bank but now I’m thinking I want a wisely card.

A to z punched me in at my normal start time but I was coming in late (feeling sick) but I was being labor tracked so I didn’t have black bar. If I accepted the punch will I get in trouble or will I be fine since I was labor tracked?
I started Amazon about 5 years ago. I have been at 5 different sites, all were different from the last. I have no degree besides a couple of Associates degrees. I started as a tier 1 and have been an L5 for a little over a year now and I would love to answer some of your guys’ questions!

Okay so first I applied for regular full time (40hr) at an fc without Ar floor (required fork lift training) and my shift was - mon, tue, thur & fri 6:30pm-5:30am at $20/hr
Haven't started yet, start date is oct-2 

It wasn't really working with my second job. 

Just applied for seasonal flex (19hr) at an sc with Ar floor at $18/hr at a nearby location 

I have both the applications active and I don't know what to do now lol 

Is there a difference in the benefits? (I need health and free college) 

Can I become regular after doing seasonal for a while? 

Can i pick up more shifts whenever I want working as seasonal flex? (I need more than 19hr)

Should I be thinking about the $2 pay difference if it make my life easier (potentially)?

I was an AM intern this past summer 2023 and got the full time job offer and still waiting for the official offer letter. Anyone who was an intern during that time and got the offer letter already? Or know how long it’s gonna take? I emailed the recruiting coordinator but never got a response. I need it to negotiate with another company.
A while back my building was understaffed, including people in my area, managers, PA's, etc, and we had Tons of work to do. Lots of people were left doing work by themselves. I was moving packages. I tried to pace myself and just do the best I can, but I'll admit, whenever our building is really busy, I tend to get anxiety and hurry more. I tried to find help from PA's, but I couldn't find any when I needed them, nor did any check up on me. So I tried to do work by myself. I thought I was pacing myself enough, but I ended up moving a lot of heavy boxes within a short amount of time - I was able to lift them, but still quite heavy -, and strained some of my muscles.

I had to walk around and find a manager - it took a while, but I found one, cause I know it's a big no-no to not tell anyone you're going to Amcare -, and we walked there together. I filed a report, and a safety person gave me an ice pack and biofreeze. They asked me TONS of questions. I remember for one moment, another manager came over, and asked me questions that were blaming me, asking me stuff like "What could you have done better?". But otherwise, the safety person and manager 1 treated me well. Safety said I needed a retraining, and kept telling me to work carefully, at my own speed.

After a short while, I closed it. I didn't hear anything else about it, until a month later. Someone in learning said I had to do retraining. Weird how it was a month later, and since then I've worked that job without any permissions missing, but I finished the training anyways.

A week later, a manager tells me safety gave me a write up for violating the safety code. I haven't received ANY email or message about this, only them telling me this, which I think is kinda weird. From memory, they told me the reason was "You were lifting improperly with your wrist, above your height, and out of your power-zone. You built the boxes too high, and put other associates in danger. You should have asked for help when you needed it." This made me frustrated, as I tried the best I could in that situation, and we were understaffed, I felt like I had to do everything by myself. I had the option to acknowledge, or refuse to sign. So I refused to sign, and wrote a comment back, disagreeing with the write-up, and saying how Amcare should be a place where we can freely report injuries without risking our jobs.

**What do you guys think? What are my options for this? How do write ups work? Can I get my write up in writing, physical or in an email?**

\--

I kinda feel like I'm being singled out, as I've been there a while and have NEVER received a write-up. I probably could have been safer, but I did the best I could in that situation, I wasn't putting anyone at great danger, and I have enough experience to learn from it. Pretty much Nobody at my building follows the safety code perfectly 100% of the time, but I happen to get written up.. Plus that one safety person that took care of me, I had a bad experience with a long time ago, where I pulled a muscle and they blamed me for it. So it makes me wonder if I'm being singled out, or if this is just how they handle injuries? I'm kinda worried how employees will treat me now...

\--

**Tl;dr:** A while back my building was understaffed and busy. I tried to find help from a PA or manager, but I couldn't find any, nor did any check up on me. So I tried to do the best I could, by myself. I ended up moving a lot of heavy boxes at once - I was able to lift them, but still quite heavy -, and strained some muscles. It took me a while to find a PA, but I somehow did to notify my injury. We went together, and I filed a report. A safety person in Amcare treated me with ice packs and biofreeze. They told me I needed a retraining, and to work more carefully. After a short time, I closed the case. A month later, I did retraining. Then a week later, I receive a write up from safety, saying I violated the safety code, "You handled packages improperly, you put others in danger, you should have asked for help." I refused to sign, and wrote a comment back, disagreeing. What are my options?
Does anyone know if moving from one L4 hourly to another L4 hourly gets you a new compensation package? If anyone was in the same situation, please provide input. I appreciate it.  
I'm currently an L4 hourly ASM. I interviewed and got inclined for WHS Specialist. 
hello,

i applied for amazon warehouse job 2 days back and i went to the pre interview state and finished it successfully. yesterday i have applied for one more warehouse job in amazon it asked me to do the pre appointment today but i didnt go. 

is it necessary to attend for the 2nd one to?

A lot of focus from lawsuits and unions is wages but the biggest threat to all employees.. DLS

A Union or the company on a corporate level internally needs to take a proactive stance in safeguarding all employees as a unified front. It's essential to recognize that every employee is potentially vulnerable to emergencies and illnesses, which may necessitate interactions with Amazon's Disability and Leave Services (DLS). In such situations, the level of protection and support provided by DLS can make a significant difference.
 My recent experience highlights the urgency of this matter. As employees, we place our trust in the guidance provided, believing it will lead to proper assistance during challenging times. However, this trust is at risk when inaccurate or contradictory information from DLS hinders our ability to access essential support, including the completion of necessary documentation. We must advocate for comprehensive protection and accountability to ensure that the well-being and rights of all employees are upheld.
Used to work at amazon and have been through the worst stories you can imagine there. Anyone that has any questions about it, i was a seasonal and promoted all the way to tier 3 and had opportunities to become a Tier 4 but declined and quit. 0/10 would not recommend.
How in gods name do you stop someone hell bent on getting you fired because of who you are and how you hold yourself. Third fucking time in the HR office over absurd claims. What makes it better? Lead HR reached out to me about the claims. They dropped it, how the hell do I get all of this shit to stop and do it the right way?
My fc recently posted a seasonal it equpment coordinator job. Ive been a blue badge for 2 years and i am currently enrolled in career choice. If i applyed and got the seasonal position would it take away my blue badge and end my career choice benefits? Would i just be let go when the job ended?
Does anybody knows about how class Q  works in a XL delivery station my
Manager asked me if I wanted to be class Q from pt flex class X do I get to get more then 20 hours ? And can I pick up shifts when it’s busy ? Since people don’t last in XL

I have my Area Manager interview next week. I am prior military and have 3 interviewers who are also former military. I’m pretty fluid on amazons LP and understand the star method. But I’m so nervous, can anyone give me some insight and pointers that can boost my confidence? Does anyone know about how many people get to this stage and how many people I will be up against?
I am studying supply chain management and about to graduate in December. I also have been working at Amazon throughout my college career. Currently working as a Process Assistant. Is it worth to stay with Amazon and try to move up or go work for other companies and see how that goes. Since Amazon is my first full time job and I been here for a while, I feel like I didn’t get a chance to explore other options out there. But at the same time Amazon is good company and I don’t mind the job even though it get stressful at times. Any thoughts, advice would be appreciated.
I used to comment on my site's VOA board frequently regarding interactions with managers or the way management handled certain situations. I always did this anonymously to avoid retaliation since I know the managers at my building would probably do it in petty ways. Whenever I told my co-workers about writing something they would insist that they don't think the board is 100% anonymous, but i think if that was the case i would have been talked to or kicked out the door years ago for constantly posting on there if they knew it was me. what are your opinions on this?
Will I lose medical insurance? What are the max hours for time off (pto, vacation, upt)?
I have a friend starting amazon and they do not have a bank account, they were finishing up their MyDocs but couldn’t fill out the bank info, can they still go to their first day if they leave it blank? (Does amazon have a payroll card?)
Can you convert white badge to blue badge using shift choice? 
How do you know if your being converted from white badge to blue badge? I am hearing conflicting info. I have heard that you would get an email with an offer to blue badge, you have to apply for it, and its automatic. What are your experiences with conversion? 
What's the fastest youv+'ve seen someone go from L1 to L4?
For the people that have worked multiple different shifts in a sortation center, (BNA9 specifically but it doesn’t matter if your from a different one) what is the least busiest shift? 8:00AM - 12:00PM, 1:30PM - 5:30PM, 7:00PM - 11:00PM, or 2:30AM - 6:30AM. And what is the best role for a person with scoliosis?
Question for anyone who quit some time after relocating. I know that you have to remain with the company for a certain amount of time, otherwise you have to pay back a prorated amount. (In my case, it’s two years)

What was your experience?
Wassup everyone. About to be a new area manager and I was jus curious about the travel accommodations. Currently in MS/LA and most of my favorites locations were FL and GA which is fine for me, I’m excited to move but I had question about how does Amazon help with that. Fresh college graduate from this past spring 2023 also just seeking advice on those who’ve had an area manager job and moved. Appreciate all who respond

Trying to get a job at amazon, but got an email from amazons background support asking for details about my cases,
Dealing in MJ, 
Dealing in hash/oil,
Does amazon really care about this, It’s only pending haven’t been convicted will this effect me getting a job.


I have been in Counseling/treatment/group since my incidents happened August 8th, I submitted documents, work history, letters of characteristics/ references, as asked from Amazon.
So, I’m now able to work flex at 3 different locations. My problem is, I’ve never attempted to work at my old locations so I don’t know how it works. Do I just use my current badge to get through the door and clock in or will it not work at my old location and I’ll have to talk to security? I appreciate any answers as I really want to be able to pick up shifts at other locations it’s just made me nervous to try!
Transferred from a Delivery Station to a Fulfillment Center for a full time opportunity doing inbound stow. Can’t stand it. I want to transfer to another DS asap but don’t know what the timeframe is. I’ve heard 6 months, 30 days, and no timeframe. AtoZ HR chat was useless as they never gave me a direct number. The HR at my new building wasn’t present today. Any info?


Hi, I had the interviews on Wed 6th, and the email said within 5 business days I would hear back. 
Am I getting an email or phone call?? 

I still haven’t heard anything back. Should I be concerned? 

Is it normal for it to take longer than 5 business days?
Hello,

&#x200B;

I applied for a virtual customer service assistant position, 6-month contract, I passed the assesments and amazon-force site says 'pending start date' which is in next month.

&#x200B;

The job requires working at varying shifts. However, I'm a postgraduate student and need to be at my university for four days for 7 hours each including road. If I start work at 6am, which is the earliest hour possible, it's fine. If I work at night to morning it's fine as well, but amazon replied to my e-mail that I might work at varying shifts as the job description states. So it's not clear. However, in the orientation the team leaders (I guess this's the name) expressed that our shift preferences are mostly accepted.

&#x200B;

Do you think I'll be fired in such situation if I can't meet their shift-requirements ?

&#x200B;

Thank you!
hello, as title reads i'll be starting at a fufillment center at amazon on the 27th, given my background info clears on time. i'm currently in college, and i have about 6 pre determined dates that i would need off due to mandatory class meetings. the first one is 10/06, a week after my start date.. when do i bring this up to the hiring staff? would they be able to work with me for these dates? thank you. 
PSA: Don't graffiti the stalls.
I am L3 TL at present, I have diagnosed ADHD inattentive type, which has been a constant uphill struggle throughout my career, and I have suspected Aspergers which I am having assessed within the coming months. 

I’m currently a TL in OB, and honestly, I am struggling to continue as I am. I have fought through my struggles for a long time and masked them, which has had a hugely negative impact on my MH. Metrics are not my forte and dealing with conflict and difficult AA’s is hard for me. 

I don’t want to go back to Tier 1 as I have worked hard to get here and I know I have value that can positively impact the business in a great way, but I work better on my own or in small concentrated teams with opportunity to focus on and deliver quality projects. 

I’m somewhat scared to ask for a departmental move as I’ve only recently been moved, and I’m not sure what my next steps should be. Would disability and accommodation be able to support me should I get a positive diagnosis? Any advice would be appreciated.
I go in from 6:30 🕡 pm to 5am 🕔. Decant workers come in at 6pm 🕕 and leave at 4:30am. So since May 2023 I’ve had 30 minutes to just sit in the break room. No complaints, but just wondering what the deal is. Also my packing singles manager is still listed as my manager as well. 

Has anyone had this happen before?
Hello.
 Some context: 
 I worked at amazon for 2 years throughout college and just graduated in summer 23. I applied externally for Entry Level Area Manager  and just got inclined for the role so currently waiting for offer letter. I was accepted through campus next internal (based on the email that says internal ) 
Questions: 
1. Why was I hired as internal if I applied external ? 
2. What is the salary differences between campus next internal vs external hire ? ( I heard internals gets paid less ) 
3. Can I ask to be hired as external because I don’t want to get paid less as if I was promoted from L1 -> L4. I know external college hires get paid more.
And I know it depends on location, but does VET tend to be offered more around this time of year or more so during peak?
So does anyone here work at Amazon's Corporate Office at AZA3. I just got an offer and it's pretty good but I'm hesitant to move out there as I just moved to Milwaukee alittle over a year ago. How is the living situation near the Tempe area? Rent? Utilities? Etc. I'm 25 now and really a corporate office job is something I need as my body was always weak (constant nosebleeds over the smallest things and constant injuries from over working, I have a great work ethic so I dont like slacking off in my FC). But I have another offer, more physical labor, more hours, but more pay I could be pushing $60-$70k a year.
Anyone have any insight on AZA3 and if it's worth the 48k I'm getting?
Anyone know what the change in pay is to go from L5 to L6 in ops in Canada? Just moved from delivery station to FC and within the next year can see myself getting an L6 role. Current base ~ $81k with PCS saying ~$95k.
Does upt and pto update everyday or did that change literally?  one minute late n just need one minute of everything. Been blue badge for roughly 2 weeks and i still haven’t gotten some upt n pto
ADAPTs for everyone!
Does anyone know how to cancel your application after you have a confirmed start date?

Tried through the work website and through A-Z (does not let me sign on for A-Z).  Nothing will let me advise that I want to cancel my application.  Can't even find a HR phone # to call to let them know.

If anyone knows, please advise.  Would like to let them know instead of just not showing up.

Thx.
If you are in either of these process paths, what would motivate you to hit rate? Prizes? Extra break?
Amazon Freight Partner program

Anyone have any information on getting into Amazon Freight Partner if your already in the warehouse? I wanna become a driver but heard amazon will pay for your cdl and you can stay on with the freight partner program or TOS? (this might be totally wrong just information gathered from like 5 yt vids) any information helps🍬
So I’m seasonal they automatically enroll you into the benefits for insurance. What if you enrolled when it popped up in your A to Z app? Will it effect anything?
California fast food and health care workers poised to win major salary increases
https://abc7.com/finance/ca-fast-food-health-care-workers-poised-to-win-major-salary-increases/13772070/
via ABC7LA App

I'm just curious if Amazon would give Californians a raise as this win for fast food workers would possibly take effect next year. 

I've been at Amazon for 3 years and I'm at $20.40.
I'm just wondering if you have to do it if a P.A. tells you and also can they make you do it all day long?
I received an email saying that new hire orientation will last 5 hours for the first , second and third day. 

The shifts that I applied for are Friday 3:00-7:00 PM & 8:30-12:30. Same two shifts on Saturday as well. 

What I want to know if my first shift (3-7) is considered my “first day” and my second shift (8:30-12:30) is considered at my “second.” 

I start this Saturday and I need to be mentally prepared ☹️.
I resigned early ‘23 does anyone know how long and if I can reapply ?
So I had my first night last week. They brought this learning ambassador in and he literally didn't know anything. He couldn't even read. They brought a girl in who had to read for him and English wasn't her first language so she had trouble too. We didn't end up even doing a tour because our day 1 stuff never got finished. Worst yet this ambassador said he's going to be a PA soon, which he kept calling it a progress assistant instead of process. He said he converted to blue badge when he was -3 upt points also. Amazon is really slipping.
So I was told that I did really well the other day 81 in mixed and new to smart pack so it's still trying to work on it but almost 400 I was happy bc I'm getter faster..then manager explains to me the difference for the break up of rates and how I need to look at the something large package number and that the other number doesn't count but it doesn't always show this..so after being told that I realize that my rate is lower then the over all that I was told I did..it's very defeating as I been trying to get better and faster to be at where my friends are...if it wasn't for them paying for my schooling and liking what I do, I don't know if I would stay. I'm feel defeated and anxious over it and I never felt like this before.
I’m starting tomorrow at ACY9 anyone got any advice? Or what to expect?
Can anyone tell me if you have to do 10hrs of training for part time shifts (8:30pm-12:30am)?
I work inbound stow at a FC. Today I was told I am bottom 5%, I was shocked  because I'm never near the bottom day to day. I was explained the metric of measurement was weekly stow rate for EVERYBODY! Most stowers work fulltime (40 hours) some even pick up extra shifts (60 hours) I was being compared to them...... Look I pick up vto every once in awhile, I use my pto too, I rarely hit 20 hours at this job as it is my secondary. I asked the manager that it isn't fair that I am being compared to people who work many more hours then I do, it should be daily stow for fairness. The manager told me part timers should work twice as hard in order to avoid being at the bottom(I was literally told this). So I'm currently fuming and need advice as I think this is unbelievably unfair, also is it illegal to have different stow rate expectations for part timers? Was I literally just told my expectation was to work twice as hard as full timers to avoid bottom 5% for weekly stow rates. Please someone tell me it's unfair cause I was shocked this whole day afterwards. Finally what should I do.

edit 1: Some of you think I don't do anything, that sucks to hear from you guys. When I'm clocked in and stowing I always aim for top 75% on leaderboards. Not to fast, not to slow.
 I am asking this question because I was curious if there was any difference between an external and internal PA in terms of salary. I know for L4s and up there is approximately a 20% difference. Is the same true for PAs? 
Is RIC4 operational yet? I want to transfer and am curious.
Going to be an AM (Area Manager) at an IXD site and was wondering what the difference between it and other FCs are? I researched a little bit about it but just the gist of it. 

What roles are found in it? Would you say it is easier or harder than other FCs (I’d like to know specifically for AMs too)? This will be a launch site btw.
Have a interview scheduled for this coming Wednesday. Anybody have any idea what kinda questions I should expect?
I put in for a sick leave and i’m kind of confused. I have the doc note uploaded already and the case is still open but it says my absence is approved already. Does that mean my leave is approved? This is the first time i’ve ever requested a leave so i’m not sure if i’m good to go or not.
I'm staring as overnight Warehouse Associates from next week, what should things should I keep in mind and what positions should I avoid working which are physically demanding (I have back issues)

From career growth point of view what should be my approach growing towards Operations Manager (I'm willing to do post graduation in operations management), I know I'm too ambitious.

I appreciate any suggestions.

Thank You.


Does anyone know if this is an inbound or outbound shift? I briefly worked at another facility years back and I wanna make sure I’m back on outbound. It’s CLT4 if that makes a difference.
I keep getting texts for vto and I click on it as soon as it comes through I click on it and it says it’s full. So frustrating
I have the option of working at Amazon days S-Wed 
7A-5:30P for $16.75 or doing nights 7P-5:30A Thursday-Sunday for $18.75, I’m a fast food manager making $17 who works weekends nights 5 or 6 til close 12AM out by 12:30 looking to keep this job but my owner won’t let me move as I’ve been hired to do weekend nights as a manager, do u think I should go for the night at amazon for $18.75 and look for a job elsewhere or do days at amazon and keep doing the manager at fast food?
A family member of mine tested positive for covid and now I’m feeling the same symptoms. I don’t have any pto and only 13 of upt left what do I do?
I crossed trained to another department but it still doesn’t let me pick up shifts for that department it says training still required. I finished my training btw
So I completed my background check on the 3rd September and after waiting for 7 days, my Amazon dashboard still says that my background check is in progress. 

I decided to call accurate background this morning and they told me that my background check was actually completed on 4th September and they sent the details to Amazon. The confusing thing is that after contacting Amazon they still say that everything is still under review and they haven’t received the completed background check. 

Considering that my start date is coming up soon (12th September) the call operator has escalated the issue to the technical team. Just wanted to know what’s the likelihood of the issue being resolved before my start date?
I've been at this sort center for 10 months and just got my employment offer email. The ops managers have told me that they want to promote me to one of the open slots for PA. They already have me working as a PA in a blue vest.

Will I be eligible to apply, or do I have to be here another 90 days before I can apply? I don't have access to career choice yet because I just got converted. There's a 90 day wait for that.
I have a pending transfer application to transfer to a location that’s much closer to my new home than my current warehouse. But I have been denied transfer before. If that happens again, would it be advisable to just resign my position and reapply directly to the warehouse near my house? I see they are hiring. The biggest drawback I have is I would lose my blue badge benefits.


Recently became an L5 Area Manager. Ask me anything. I’ve managed every single department in an AR FC and I’ve launched a building during my time as an AM. As an L4, I was stretching as a 6.
I only have 6ths of pto but will miss a full shift can I still use what’s left of my pto?
How many pairs of gloves can TAs get per week?
Hello, Transportation Specialist here. I'm still new to the position so I'm in the process of learning. I have this one carrier that messages me on chime everyday for loads. It started out as me emailing some carriers to help pick up loads that have been dwelling for a long time. Then out of nowhere, this carrier that I emailed found me on chime. Since then, this carrier messages me on chime everyday asking to find and tender loads for him. This honestly adds more work and time on top of the many tasks and cases that I need to do. Is it the role of a Transportation Specialist to be the one searching for loads to pick up for carriers everyday? I always thought that carriers can search for loads themselves on their relay app. But then again I have no knowledge how it works on a carrier's end. No offense to the carrier though, I respect the hustle, but on my end it's just consuming a lot of my time and work looking up loads for this one carrier. I'm starting to feel like I work for this carrier, not Amazon. So, is this normal? Should I continue to help this carrier?
As title states , I came in late one day ,it happened about 4 weeks ago , upt was never taken . Gf who worked at Amazon air said that it happened to her and that her am said ,she was fine, that stuff like that couldn’t be changed if the pay period ended .Is this true ?
Realizing my Macintosh-based computer skills are moot, trying to move up in my Sort Center. I need to take some courses but what Microsoft Office applications specifically would be beneficial if I were wanting to become a Process Assistant?
So, I am 6 months pregnant and do not handle pregnancy well at all. I have been really sick. With my first I had cholestasis and was diagnosed with epilepsy at the time and had to take short term disability. I have a coin toss at getting the cholestasis again this time. I get severe migraines and fatigued easily. 

It took the dls three months to put through my accommodations for weight restrictions at 20 lbs, extra break, and some kind of fan because the heat had gotten me wheelchaired out four times at least. They basically neverminded the fan accom claiming the site cant do it. My manager refused to move me out of afe pack to singles. Stated I could still hit rate and just wait for him to come help me with orders. I was left waiting for anywhere up to 30 minutes. This was incredibly stressful and I couldn't do afe.

I went to hr again one day because I had really bad cramping trying to hit rate. He got in trouble and was told he had to adhere to my accoms and that meant being in a dept with proper weight limitations. He was pissed. He took me over to singles complaining about how he had to actually comply with accoms to the singles manager in a condescending sarcastic tone. It was humiliating. He claimed to me that he wasnt mad at me but at hr. But yeah sure. 

So I am in singles doing sioc testing and line sealing. Sunday manager had me pack in singles smalls under another account which i was fine with. Today, my manager comes up claiming my accom is for 30 lbs and i will have to pack in afe. It isn't for 30 lbs. I have the email from dls. It is for 20 with the most recent one being 15 lbs that they need to update. 

This has seriously been the worst and I have been so stressed out this pregnancy from people screwing with me. I worry about my baby. I don't know what to do anymore. My boyfriend wants me to put in on short term disability but with a baby otw I dont want to take that big of a paycut every week. What do I do?
Ok I have a plan. Later when I wake up I’m gonna go to a urgent care and get scene, get them to write the “work release note”, submit it, then just go back to work Sunday hopefully. I didn’t know what to do, and I jumped the gun and filed a workers comp claim. But also I’m gonna be another 9 hours negative in unpaid time off. Either way, I feel I’m about to lose this job because of that alone, and I’m dealing with my own personal issues and health issues, that are making working the job 10x harder than it should be. I accept I’ve put myself in this position being morbidly obese , no one to blame but myself. 

I’ve read that if I resign, everything resets if I ever decide to work at Amazon again, is that true?
Hello all,

So I’m very happy but surprised at the same time. I got an interview for an entry level AM role as a biology major through handshake. Basically I applied online, took the online assessment and got an email saying I’m invited to an interview event. Any tips on how to prepare for it? 

It’s interesting because I’m graduating in May of 2024 and my plans were to apply to graduate school but if I get the offer it will be a tough decision. Anyways I’ll do the interview first and see what happens.
Make this short. 

Work nights 7:00pm-5:30am

New schedule is days 7:00am-5:30pm

My last night shift is Saturday 7:00pm-5:30am 
Start of new schedule is Sunday 7:00am-5:30pm

There’s no way they expect me to work 20 hours straight right? What do I do? Thanks
Got email from Amazon background check and they said there gonna make there final decision to hire me in 10 Business day but when I check my amazon forces account again the schedule not there anymore does that mean i didn't approved or do I just look for different shift and try again
I’m looking to take foster leave, or child bonding as it may be, to spend time with my wife and My first foster placement. 

Is there anyone with experience with this? Did you get full pay? How long did it take to get approval?

Thank you.
Hey everyone just wondering if anyone knows if the next Prime days will be the second Tuesday and Wednesday of October (the 10th and 11th)?

Thanks in advance.
So I was asleep yesterday when they added new shifts to our schedule for the week after next week. There is 0 available should I be worried or hopefully there be a opening  before then?
When will you know when your seasonal work is done at Amazon?


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/16cf2o3)
Does anyone have the Questionaire for the AM interview?
Can I work a scheduled shift and after clocking out, use PTO to cover that whole shift for the extra money? Figured they can't say much if I do it after I already worked the shift.
Like your encouragement isnt gonna give me a speed boost i'm scrolling on tiktok rn
Anyone else hear about another prime day next month?
so this is my second week working at the deliver station for amazon. (6th day). my shifts are 1:20AM-11:50AM. i honestly feel like this job just might not be for me, i have stowed everyday since i started & it gives me the craziest headache and frustrates the hell out of me. everyday i’m being told i should “be at 300” when i’m consistently being in the 150-200 range. maybe i just need to find something else 😂
If I do any training on KNET, will I get in trouble? I'm just curious to see what all the different things are on there. Also would I get paid the Training hours?
How difficult and stressful is Amnesty? 
hey y’all ! i just started seasonal at a sort center and finished my first day on wednesday. the trainer kept mentioned when we come back tomorrow for day 2, but i’m scheduled for mon, wed, fri, sat, and when i check atoz i don’t have any shifts scheduled until saturday. do i still come in tomorrow, or do i wait until friday when i’m technically scheduled next? i would asked on-site but i didn’t look at it until i already left
