I’m pretty concerned on what to do here so if someone could please lend some advice I’d really appreciate it. 

I accepted a B4 internship offer, with the offer being subject to a 3rd party background check.

One of the roles on my resume was paid under the table. It was from about 4 years ago and totally unrelated (convinced store). I know I probably shouldn’t have included it on my resume, but I can’t change that now I guess.

I think my actions are:
a) Do nothing, (I’m sure they will flag it) and respond to it then
b) Contact recruiter to let her know

Please help me out in deciding what to do, I’m really anxious. Thank you
I just got asked to take the digital interview today for a full stack developer job. Any tips on how to succeed? Will I have to explain my technical background and experience?
Will be joining the firm in Toronto next year as a fresh graduate and was curious to know what the culture is like in FA (specifically in M&A, FDD, & valuations). Hopefully it's not as toxic and finance-bro-like as IB.
I’m interviewing for a position with Deloitte Digital as a software engineer.

What’s the work-life balance like? Does Digital use the same utilization ratios as everyone else? Seems like that’s a huge focus for Deloitte.
My boss asked me to make an action plan two months ago. I made the plan (put very objective criterias for as success indicators) and worked on it. Yesterday she told me I have made progress but there are areas I need to still improve on. Technically I did what was outlined in the action plan. She is being subjective and says I still need to work on some areas. Do you think I will get fired soon? How soon would it be? I am asking because I have another job lined up. I am going to leave this job but wondering how long should I wait to inform the boss. Thanks!
Recently joined Deloitte and need to either roll my account into an IRA or into the Deloitte plan. Which is recommended? (Keep in mind, I don’t have much of a background in finance/the stock market/etc)
I keep seeing layoffs on this sub, I assume they are American. How’s the vibe in Canada?
I was wondering how would it work for Audit & Assurance role. If someone can point out some factors like role, pay etc would be helpful
Hey folks , does anyone know if Deloitte (US) allows forex and futures trading through a BDIP broker like TD Ameritrade. I noticed you can trade these instruments through thinkorswim but I'm not sure of the firm's posture on this.

Perfect timing for DNet to be down and inaccessible as well. How awesome!
https://www.businesstoday.in/latest/corporate/story/exclusive-deloitte-plans-to-hire-50000-people-in-next-5-years-says-ceo-romel-shetty-408634-2023-12-07
Looking for a switch within consulting line .
Currently a consultant and would want to move to another technology. Any guidance would be appreciated.
Hi fam! I was wondering that since Deloitte offer wfh does it mean that you can work from abroad as well? 

Thanks for the heads up!

I was laid off in June as a consultant and saw a job posting where I could be a good fit, but I'm unsure if it's worth applying. Please help!
What is it like to work as a Manager at Deloitte India. I will be joining as a Manager in Tech Consulting in Deloitte India not USI. Any suggestions would be welcome.
Hi,

Is it allowed to submit PTO during last week’s disconnect? I have untilised PTO which expires end of the year; and would like to bump my Utilization as holidays don’t count towards utilization but PTO (to some hours) count towards utilization?
Thoughts on the benefits of the specialist track vs SM?
I'm new-hire at USI, part of UK-Tax Core TPT team. Joined the firm on June-end this year. Let's keep it short, the journey is going a bit rough for me. The reason: we have our chargeability and annual utilisation CSH targets to achieve and so for I barely made the mark. Due to that I gotta hear from my managers around every tenth of the month. Now, it's not like I wasn't doing anything. I did the same work as anyone else, the only difference being it took me half of the time than those other slaggers to complete and release the work and the team couldn't even keep up their allocations to keep me occupied. Results were like the work felt like cakewalk. But, tables were turned the moment I got questioned for being efficient and effective. Is not achieving the targets going to affect my appraisals next year?
Is it just a big joke that every single person shares charge codes with dots as delimiters when DTE requires dashes?

Do y'all post your actual Deloitte title on LinkedIn / resumes i.e. solution analyst, solution consultant, etc. or do you write down your project role to be more clear to future employers / opportunities i.e. cyber security analyst, senior data developer, etc.?

Its always been confusing because "solution analyst" may not indicate that you do business, cyber, tax, etc.
So, I did my first round (behavioral and case) yesterday and was invited to do my final round today. After completing it, the feedback I got from the partner was good. I'd like to know the timeline for hearing back from the recruiter regarding whether I got an offer.
I have a 30 minute interview with a Partner tomorrow as part of an Analyst role (stats and data science for credit risk). Will it be technical? What can I expect? Thanks
Hello Reddit. So I got the dreaded business update late afternoon yesterday and the meeting with the PMD is in a couple of hours. Is there anything I should be prepared for?

I am Manager 2 in Consulting in US. Been in the firm for 8 years. Util is 70% and performance ratings are highest in both dimensions.

Appreciate any perspective of those on work visa. I am on H1B with an approved i140. My spouse is with me on dependent visa and has only recently received an EAD.

+++++++++++++

Update: last day is tomorrow. Severance is 7 weeks. Support for outplacement. Free consultation with immigration lawyer. Return ticket to home country if I choose to.

+++++++++++++

How long does it take to get offer letter after final discussion with HR regarding ctc and location?
US C here. Is it possible to book personal hotels with Deloitte’s travel site? Or anyone know if Deloitte has discounted rates with certain hotels?
Are analyst allowed to work for home? I have signed the offer letter, it doesn’t mention wfh..can I still get wfh?
Hi, I'm an undergraduate student studying computer science, and most likely will be accepting a software engineering intern offer at Deloitte for next summer in NYC. I'd love to know more about what SWE at Deloitte is like, what some of the more interesting practices/projects related to ML are like, and anything else yall think I should know or prepare for going into an internship here. Thank you!
Hi! I am an incoming analyst (campus hire) in Risk Advisory- Cybersecurity starting next year in September. Is anyone from the same field here? I wanted to ask what are the work arrangements generally like? 

Do analyst in cybersecurity field get work from home? 

Also, some advice on how I can get promotions sorted so that I can be consultant/Sr consultant within next year or so?

Thanks for your advice!

(UK) I have a £500 allowance to spend on work from home equipment and could gain about 8% of that if I purchase through a cashback site.. any thoughts?
I am debating if I want to switch to HR (human capital). Is it possible here at Deloitte or just analyst, consultant, etc? Not looking to be a recruiter just HR analyst or something. Already an Analyst within RFA.
Director is mean , goes behind my back, withholds information and is general pompous B\*\*\*\*. 

I want out of the project so badly , do I talk to PPMD. its part-time project but will be going on for a year. 

&#x200B;
Does anyone else really hate working at Deloitte? I work in one of the UK offices and started this year and honestly feels like one of worst choices ever. The name precedes itself so looks good on my CV but goddam the culture is next level toxic.

I’m at a point where I’m one micromanaging teams message away from blowing the lid off and straight up screaming at my managers.
Hi, I have been selected for an interview at Deloitte for actuarial graduate role in Dublin. I am not someone with a background in finance but I have a strong knowledge of advanced mathematics. What are the most required skills and what are some frequently asked questions? Any tips or things I should learn or read in advance to help me in my interview?

Additional information: I have a Bachelor’s in Electronics engineering and a Master’s in Astrophysics but have no work experience as such.
If you get promoted then you go to the bottom of the band so what other allowances and levers can you pull to get a raise?

Hi

Given that a lot of us have been laid off (myself included) how will we get our W-2s? They did not mail it last year and we had to download it from TOD. Appreciate any info that can be provided.
Anyone knows hows deloitte ardc mexico?
Is it worth joining it as an onsite from india?
This past year, I’ve noticed a lack of analysts in consulting (US). In the last three projects, I’ve worked with a couple of consultants and above but no analysts. With the firm initiatives I’m in, I have no analysts as well. None have joined or reached out to get involved. I’ve also noticed a lot of my peers haven’t been assigned as oba.

Instead, I’ve been on back to back projects with stacked A team USI folks. I practically start each day with a “good morning, good evening” at this point.

Is it because of all this deferred business earlier? Analysts getting canned or just leaving for other roles? Clients not willing to pay and Deloitte is patching the wound by staffing more USI? The layoffs?
I was wondering how long it takes to hear back after your final interview for a grad scheme in the UK. I know that they already interviewed everyone yesterday (including me) and I was wondering if anyone has any idea when I can expect to hear back.
How much Is important to Apply for a position through a referral? Is It more likely to get and interview ? Or Is It Just random as usual?
Hi all, I had a compliance violation where I forgot to move my 401k from Fidelity. It seems that it goes on your permanent record, and I’m nervous because I’m up for a promotion to manager early next year.. how will this affect me?
A few months ago, I accepted an offer with Deloitte Tax to join next year. I was supposed to join their International Tax team but today I got my cost center for some paperwork purposes and it turned out to be the one for BTS, different from the one listed for IT. Does BTS cover International Tax or is it mostly domestic tax compliance and planning?
What is the best advise you would give it to first years at Deloitte? I’ve been there for 2 months, I like to be perfectionist in everything I do, but at the same time I’m not managing my time well. I complete all my tasks in time. However, I just spent too much time understanding the why behind. People always say “you can ask questions anytime”, but I don’t think they really mean it. I wanna improve and I wanna give my best, bc that’s actually how I am…
Will it matter? Heard we were getting a bonus? 
2nd year analyst here. Not up for promotion. What’s the most harm this can do? Thanks in Advance

If so, what sector/model?
Do you think equal opportunity for ALL lacks at Deloitte between varying practices(Core Consulting vs Specialist vs USDC vs whatever cross consulting overlap projects allow) or whatever else it may be ? Whether it’s between people of two different races, gender etc.? 
 I have personally experienced this time and time again and I am curious to know if people have experienced such biases. 

This post by no means is to ignite a political controversy at Deloitte but just to understand that I can’t be the only person seeing or experiencing it as such (right?). I plan to do absolutely nothing about it, don’t want to get caught up in anything.
I just gave my two week notice… so long Deloitte. You will not be missed
Hi all, I was a consulting intern last summer and am returning for full-time work after i graduate. however, we haven’t been given start dates and many people i worked with over the summer (some of whom have been with the firm for 10+ years) have gotten laid off or left. kind of makes me think things are going downhill at deloitte or maybe in consulting as an industry. any talk about what new hires can expect in the next year?
for US Tax TC1 to TC2 what is the annual salary raise?
Former employees are also welcome to share insights. Want to know the working environment and culture in IT/SAP field. Any thoughts? How does this differ from PDC? Appreciate the responses!
Does anyone know where to find practice case studies on finance and enterprise performance consulting besides Deloitte webpage?
Any job openings for Bcom graduates?
Deloitte site is not helping to find a job Anyone please reply 🙏
I have joined Deloitte USI as a functional consultant in SAP supply chain post mba this year.. I got trained in SAP MM, Ariba, Fieldglass in bootcamp.. But I got allocated to a SAP PMO role in a project which doesn't have any functional consultant role.. So , I want to know what are my exit opportunities from here? Is it possible to get staffed in functional role later?
I was at Deloitte a number of years and left about a year ago for another job. I got a letter a few days back about a pension I accrued while employed there and is around 30k. I heard I can cash it out but on site and the letter it doesn’t have any options for that. Has anyone ever cashed out their pension and/or if this is an option?
Hello Everyone,

Just wanted to know if leave encashment for Deloitte USI at the time of exit is on the basis of basic salary or gross salary ?

Heard from a coworker that it is basis basic salary which seems odd as at all my past firms it has been basis gross salary.
I am from india got placed in Deloitte USI via campus placement in August 2022. Now it's nearly year and half ..i got graduated and i got just PHT mail from Deloitte two week ago. Are they this much lazy?? They are trolling so hard :(. Can anyone help like when will i get rest of mails. 🥺
Hello,   
Going to be working at the firm fairly soon here, but got my offer many months ago. Did anyone get inflation-adjusted raises? Heard some people did, but want to hear other's experiences. Thanks.
i recently got an offer for applied ai summer scholar at gps. i was wondering if it’s possible, in the future, to switch between industries (like from gps to technology or consumer) and how to go about doing so? not necessarily for the internship but in case i get the opportunity to go full time, i was wondering if this was doable
How long does it usually take to hear back from Deloitte if you applied for their 2025 fall and winter internships ?
Hey, I'm a uni student applying for coop/internships, and I got a virtual interview with Deloitte. Has anyone done these before?

I'm expecting questions like who am I and why do I want to work Deloitte? But what else?

Any tips on answering the questions?
Based on what I see through ToD, it’s look like our updated elections for health insurance become effective on the 1st of the year? So I’m assuming we can’t use them until then? Can anyone confirm? Thanks.
Two questions:

1) I’m a new hire. Where can I see my target promotion date? It is not in IRPM or TOD.

2) What courses if any need competition prior to promotion?

3) Any other info
Just curious what timeframe Deloitte gives out bonuses? Does this happen multiple times a year or only once a year during the close out of the calendar year. Is everyone (recent hires) eligible for a bonus? What is the criteria based on?
Hi!

I am coming back from maternity leave as a first year manager. I wanted to see if anyone had tips to best handle the first year- I heard that the first year is rough.

Thank you!
For any1 who remembers or is interviewing, does deloitte ask for rec letters from current or prev employers?
Interviewing for an opp and im pretty lost even on reddit about the advice im getting. If the job posting is A&IC and GPS, but one says USDC and the other only says A&IC/GPS, are they different divisons? how is deloitte organized? gps vs usdc and then within you have m&a->aic?
Do you guys get MLK Monday off in January? When else do you get off? I heard 2 days in Memorial and the whole week off in 4th of July week?

Do you have the official company holiday schedule for 2024 yet?
Hey yall

I interned w D this past summer and got a return offer in IT audit but my career interests lies within data analytics/data science, so i would like to switch into the analytics branch.

 I wanted to hear and know yalls experience with pivoting/switching into a different offering portfolio (esp if u took this route). How was the switch? Whatd you have to do? How long did it take to make the switch happen?
Hello, on September I started my application for Cyber at Deloitte. I did a couple of interviews that went great. 

Early November I was told that if they liked my profile, HR would send me an offer in around 10 days. After two weeks wait, I sent them a message to get some updates.

The Updates were:   
\-The team placed you  'waiting list,' which means that your profile is a good fit  
\-They are awaiting for some approvals before moving forward with you.   
\-And that they would let me know as soon as possible.

My questions are:   
Should I wait? Should I keep asking about it? Is this a waitlist just a normal "we dont have space atm? 

What’s an applause award? Are there other awards for performance (that’s not a bonus)? Is this something to flex on Linkedin or is it something everyone gets?
Is it recommended to roll the pension amount straight into an IRA? Any tips appreciated thank you.
I started at Deloitte Tax this June as a campus hire. Haven’t heard much about raises/bonuses - does Deloitte do a holiday bonus? How does the pay raise process work? TYIA.
I have 12+ years of experience in Payroll but no experience in Oracle Payroll Implementations. I do have other payroll system implementation experience as client. So I am trying to take courses that Oracle offers to take the exam and be certified.

My question is if I pass the exam and achieve the certification, would that give me a job as consultant even if I do not have direct experience with Oracle Payroll?
If the Independence team deems a violation a US Firm Covered Person Policy Violation” and sends it to the Compliance Review Team, what will happen. I am looking at the graph of consequences and it does not make sense. The issue was out of my hands and I acted as soon as I found out. Will I lose a percentage of my raise this year
How much bonuses have you made in the past. Please mention your role and team if you want. I am aware of few SMs in CBO (Australia) who get roughly 40k+ in bonuses. Does this sound right?
I mistakenly filled dte 9 hrs for 2 days when i was on pto.. i was expected to fill it under pto but i filled 9hrs?
Would there be any consequences?
Title. Does Deloitte have policies on the use of the enterprise Zoom account? Are there restrictions in using it?
Had to take maternity leave after baby was born leading (manager) a large team on a program implementation I built from scratch with our clients. I was really excited to lead the team through. Came back after a couple weeks with intent to take the remainder of paternity leave later. Returned to someone new to the account leading the team and told by SM and PPMD I should take a chiller role on the team to leave time to take off and provide flexibility. I’m not enjoying it and am looking for a better take.
Legit - how frequently are you doing work on the weekends and what are you working on? How many hours? 

Many friends in industry are not doing anything on the weekends OR they are lawyers and working all weekend long.
Hey everyone. I'm applying to a full-time tax associate position at Deloitte. I'm not a resident of NYC but I really want to work at their NY office. I notice they ask if I'm a resident of the city in the application. Would not being a NYC resident hurt my chance of getting into the NY office?

https://preview.redd.it/whxrvvabx44c1.png?width=1714&format=png&auto=webp&s=47313a8ee2c06d78918debd193157c8c0b3002d2
Hi,

Thought I would have today to submit my time. Turns out DTE was undergoing planned maintenance and was supposed to be unavailable between 1am and 9pm. It is still down and I am not able to submit my time for this week. 

I have called the Deloitte help desk twice but haven’t found a solution. 

Going to keep trying to load DTE but was wondering if anyone had any insights?

Thank you!

Edit: DTE is back up. 
Hello,   
I recently got reached out to on LinkedIn for a Healthcare Consultant position and am scheduled for an interview. I am going to graduate with a Masters in HIIM this upcoming spring and was thinking about going for a PhD but as I am only 22 I wouldn't mind putting it off a year or 2 for this position if I were to get it. However, there are a couple of things I would like to know...  
1) What does a true "day-to-day" as a consultant entail for the most part  
2) I've seen a lot of posts where people mention not having projects(?) or "benched" could someone explain please, how does that work?  
3) When I applied it showed so many location options (Atlanta, Boston, McLean, etc.,) however I live right by another Deloitte location not on that list that I also included on the application... If I bring up the fact that I would like to stay in my state and work from the office that is literally 30 minutes from me instead of relocating would that essentially ruin my chances of getting hired or do y'all think I should just suck it up and move to wherever they place me?   


Might-be-relevant-information:  
22, First-Gen student, no one in family has corporate background, not exactly tied to the state but would really love to stay in it due to the fact that my parents and brother are my only family in the US, have a great chance of getting into the PhD program but I have kind of done a speed run through school so I \*\*truly\*\* would not mind getting "true" corporate work experience and waiting.   


Thank you to anyone who provides any insight!
I had resigned and I have been applying to other jobs. I've almost landed one but they require a reference letter from Deloitte. Will they allow me to do so?
Hey everyone, I will be joining Deloitte Toronto next Fall as a full-time Quick Start analyst and since I never did any internships in Financial Advisory (my most recent internship was in Deloitte Audit), I am a bit clueless on which teams I should request to be on from the attached diagram. 

Would really love to hear everyone’s opinions or experiences on these groups (especially the ones with blue checkmarks). I prefer more technical roles or roles that require more quantitative/numerical work (basically Excel and related software applications). 

My ultimate career goal is to be a professional in both finance & accounting and work towards a controller/CFO position down the road.

Thank you so much everyone!

Hi everyone! I found a thread with salary data from a few years ago, but haven’t seen anything current - any idea what to expect for a GPS consulting SC offer? 5 years experience, MA. Thank you!!
Recruiter called me after my two interviews.

So I had two interviews this week for an analyst role in the GPS sector for a FEMA client. 

Tuesday was the virtual one with the manager and sr. Consultant level online. Thursday was the phone interview with the partner.

The recruiter had said she would try to follow up by the end of the week. She called me Friday afternoon, today. I was out, and I  didn’t pick up. She didn’t leave a voicemail. I will call back Monday morning. 

Is a call a bad sign I didn’t get the job? If she had good news, would she have just sent an email instead?

 Just trying to figure out if I should think positively over the weekend about this or if I should mentally move on.

Is this more likely a kind rejection call or a positive one?

What’s the standard practice at deloitte?
Recently received an offer that will expire soon for USDC entry level software developer analyst role at 65k USD in LCOL area. I was mostly set on signing it and then work towards moving to core once I started working. But I completed the interview loop for Accenture Federal Services for a similar role with good feedback earlier today, so am unsure about what to do now. I assume the starting pay for AFS would be around 80k USD based on the salary ranges listed which were all in MCOL-HCOL areas (also I live an hour away from one of them). They both sounded like WFH policy is project dependent but pretty common.

I come from a Computer Science background and hope to return to tech in a project/product management capacity.

I enjoyed speaking to my interviewers from Deloitte a bit more than my experience with Accenture’s interview process, but also understand that reality of working at these firms might be different than the limited information I get from the interviews. 

Curious to hear what you guys think. Things that I am prioritizing are WFH, good team culture, WLB, and (in some capacity) meaningful work. Compensation when adjusted for COL puts Accenture at +$8k over Deloitte, but they also seem to have slower promotions or bonuses.
Could anyone in this role for RFA share insight into this?
So when does the well being subsidy renew itself? New year? Or summer?
I had 2,5 hours to complete the Human Capital case study online, where I had to upload a presentation and an email. The timer didn’t show the time correctly and I ran out of time!😭 This has to be done prior to the final round interview, where the assessor opens these files and I had to chat him through.
I’ve just sent my files to the recruitment manager via email but given it’s Friday night and the interview is on Monday 9am, she likely won’t read my email before the interview. 
Am I completely fucked?
(Role: Senior Consultant - Actuarial)
Targeting an opportunity in legal but it is GPS advisory. Theres similar posting for program consultant and solutions SC. I've had peers in big4 including D, tell me I can negotiate advisory vs commerical and req SC since im an exp hire (5 yrs exp in legal but not consulting firms although i have brand names on my resume to support my transferable skills). 

Any folks out there who negotiated and could provide good/bad outcomes or advice?
Hi everyone, I started at Deloitte in October and am studying for the CPA. Most people I talked to at the company basically passed 2/3 of the 4 sections of the exam already and I’m just starting.

I'm 27 years old, moved to the US for an exchange program 4.5 years ago, and I finished my MSA this year. My question is: Is it possible to study for the CPA during busy season?

I'm a little scared about busy season because I've hear stories about the many hours we work, but I would like to know if it's possible to study during this time. TIA
Hello everyone, I am a controllership analyst looking for immediate staffing on any project. I know its silly to ask on Reddit, but I thought, why not? I just want to be utilized. Please message me if you have anything available.
How did you guys determine how you wanted to allocate your 401-k contribution? I’m unfamiliar with how this works and not sure what the best mix would be. Thanks!
I got hired as an A1 in Audit and Assurance at Deloitte Toronto and was supposed to start from January 2, 2024. 
I am an international student and my last exam is on December 15th and it will take me one week after the exam to apply for my Post Graduate Work Permit as I need letter of completion/transcript from my college. 
HR asked me to submit my PGWP application by Dec 16, which is impossible as my exams end on Dec 15. As a result, HR communicated to me that they will be changing my start date and postponing it. Does anyone has an idea, by how much will they push forward my start date? OR had anyone else faced a similar situation before?
I just had my 3rd interview with a Director. The guy showed 0 interest in the whole process, was perma distracted with other things, would think 5 minutes to come up with a question, his Discord notifications kept on ringing, and would just not listen or not care about my answers when I gave them. All my answers were quite on point, until he asked me something I obviously wouldn’t know. And when I said I don’t know the correct answer, he seemed quite pleased with himself. Is that a theme? Or is it done on purpose for whatever reason? Or was that a one off?
If you or your peers are experiencing layoffs, what service line are they in?
I was hired as a C and started this September. I noticed my promotion target year is 2026. Since the promotion typically takes place end of May/early June I will have been at the C level for nearly 3 years. Is this typical? Is it possible to get promoted the year before?
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CzlvE2BtER3/?igshid=NjZiM2M3MzIxNA==
starting a sap certification program sponsored by deloitte, any tips?
 Hey guys, need some help and advice. I was at a big 4 for less than a year - basically did well there but the work was light, no big assignments, no assessments etc. Then moved on to go to a market research firm for a year, this firm was basically a step back in my career. I was given no substantial work and learnt absolutely nothing before they terminated my role. My title at the firm was quite lofty though. Got a job some time back and they hired me as a senior consultant. This is a very small firm. I feel like they expect a lot more from me knowing where I come from, I am working very hard but there is a steep learning curve. How do I navigate this ? 
Im not sure if this is frowned upon or a hard no, if you share online that you work for a specific client. I see tons of content online people sharing their consulting journeys and the projects that they’ve worked on. 

I’m wondering whether it’s fine for someone to share what client they work for. Especially online. Unless it’s a very secretive government project or there’s a possibility for conflict of interest, I don’t see why not. 

I’m a developer and I currently work for a client which does some cool shit in their industry and would very much like to share my experience and story as I think it will be helpful for many. 

Any thoughts?
Hi everyone, I'm just trying to map out potential future paths and I was wondering what the standard progression is for someone who does everything by the book (no time out for having kids etc).

I started as an analyst grad (S1) this year in tax in the UK.

From what I've gathered so far, this is what I have, but I know it's wrong. I don't have any info on what salary to expect for each post either, so any info on that would be fab- obviously in reality the numbers would increase for inflation. 

Yr1: S1 analyst - £28600 
Yr2: S2 analyst - £?
Yr 3: C1 
Yr 4: C2
Yr 5: M1
Yr 6: M2
Yr ?: Assistant Director
Yr ?: Director 
Yr ?: Partner

Thanks in advance!
New grad deciding between offers. Got an offer to join GPS in Arlington and also to join a supply chain role at a Fortune 100 company. Not entirely sure what I want with my career, but I'd like my first job to springboard my career in business & tech. I have been interesting in consulting for a while, but I heard GPS is slow and I definitely crave faster paced environments. However, I do think government & public work is very noble (although idk what kind of projects GPS will entail right now). 
Fresh grad here considering a Data Analyst role at Deloitte with GPS. Any seasoned analysts or those familiar with the role willing to share insights on day-to-day tasks, growth prospects, and tips for a newbie?

Additionally, if anyone has experience at the Arlington office, I'd love to hear about it!
Anyone seeing layoffs in GPS?
Received a job offer for AI Automation Consultant and reading about Deloitte laying off personnel.

Wondering if it’s a bad time to be in this field is all. Can anyone share there personal opinion or expertise?
Was supposed to be promoted to SC after 2 years but it was deferred. With current market conditions concerned that it will be deferred again this year and I’ll be at the C level much longer than expected. Does anyone have experience with this. All stats are good to great with no glaring issues. Everyone expected I would have been promoted end of last year.
Hey, currently working at a competitor of Deloitte and I have been wanting to make the switch a for a couple of months now. Very unsatisfied with my current role as I feel like I am not progressing or moving up in my career.  I have about two years of experience in federal consulting and was curious on how to get my foot through the door? I have a couple of friends who work at Deloitte and was going to use them as referrals, but wanted to see if anyone had other recommendations?
To people doing tech consulting, which amongst managed services, salesforce, and microsoft dynamics, involves the most coding / actual software engineering in terms of their projects? This is under the digital customer platforms team in deloitte digital
Manager in consulting, 2 years with the firm, snapshots all at very strongly agree. 

Anything I should do (delete personal files on laptop, 401k login to personal email etc) prior to losing access?

Edit: I also have 30 days of PTO accrued. Will I get severance and PTO paid out? Does your coach get notified? Sorry in advance, I know these questions likely have been answered on other posts.
Hello everyone! I would greatly appreciate any advice on two offers that I received. For context, I am currently a senior and will be graduating in June 2024.

**Offer 1:** Business Technology Solutions Analyst at Deloitte in their Government and Public Services (GPS) practice. TC is $88K + $12.5 signing. Location is San Diego. Start date some time in June-October.

**Offer 2:** Research Associate at NERA Economic Consulting. TC is $90K + $20 signing. Location is San Francisco. Start date is July 15, 2024.

I compiled some of my pros and cons for each:

*Deloitte* \- **Pros**: much better brand recognition and may give me a wider breadth of experiences. Greater opportunity for movement across functions within the firm. Better networking opportunities. **Cons**: networking is basically a requirement to find projects. Job security may be lower given current economic conditions. I am also worried about them delaying my start date.

*NERA* \- **Pros**: I can build stronger data analysis skills. I won't need to network to get on projects, the work will already be available. Higher job security. Also the people I spoke to in the interview process were all very nice. **Cons**: The skillset I would develop might be more niche. May pigeonhole me into data analytics/economics. Exit opportunities might not be as diverse. Not as much opportunity for doing different types of work outside of data analysis.

I'd appreciate any advice, thank you!
It’s much easier to give answers and share helpful information if posts have more specific information in them… ty.
I am in the mood for polls

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/187u6ud)

Wanted to run a quick check about the Industry alignment of people on this subreddit.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/187u59r)
As the title says, my family and I really want to move to Europe, specifically a Scandanavian country like Norway. I have my accounting degree and will be working towards my CPA (I know the CPA is an american certification). I am currently aligned with GPS, RFA. If I was unable to move to Europe, I would completely understand and I would of course put off that dream until later if need be. Also, I will be working towards a degree in Scandanavian Studies with a minor in Norwegain so I would be able to communicate in the business language before I would even consider asking for the transfer. Do I even stand a chance?
Any insight into the easiest/cheapest certification to get that Deloitte will pay out the bonus for? Looking to maximize the 3K Bonus without having to pay for a course, if possible
I'm a new analyst that's been assigned to a one-day inventory count. The inventory count location requires me to fly several hours and stay in a hotel on a holiday. The count should only take 2 hours apparently. Since I'm entirely new to D, Big4 and accounting/audit in general, is it normal for people to get assigned to inventory counts far from where they're based?

I saw that there are inventory count locations closer to where I'm based (the project has multiple inventory holding locations). Is it a bad look to request a closer location, or even to refuse to go to the count? I have some safety concerns about the location I've been assigned to (due to visible identity).
Hi,
I wanted to know which HP Probook gets used by Deloitte Consulting. I am looking at buying one and the one I used at Deloitte worked well for me.
Hi everyone, I’m coming in as a New Grad Software Engineering Analyst for CBO. The recruiter said there’s an 8 week bootcamp all software analysts go through. Does anyone have details on this bootcamp (workload, in-person or remote, difficulty)? Any info is appreciated
Hello guys,
I am applying to a few b-schools but need references from OFFICIAL deloitte email IDs. My seniors are ready to use the personal ones. Can you please suggest how I can ask them to use their official emails. Is it against deloitte's rules and regulations ? Whom should I approach in such a case?
Please share about part time schedules and job shares for mothers at Deloitte. Grant Thornton had option to work 60%.
Hi all, wanted to ask a question — what are my chances for promotion?

Currently I’m going up for consultant this year, and I won’t meet my utilization rate (i was on the bench for 3 months but i was involved with firm initiatives and i actively applied…I’ll probably reach 80% even after requesting extra hours). I have had one negative snapshot for a short project I was involved in but otherwise have received good reviews. 

My current managers/team supports my promotion and has given me ample opportunities to operate at the next level and have face time with the client. I’ve been involved in several firm initiatives, and I’ve had good reviews there as well. 

I’ve put a lot of time/energy trying to scramble setting myself up for promotion (my coach is basically hands-off and my OBA disappeared) and it’s hard trying to figure everything out (context: i am a campus hire). Would appreciate any advice :’)
After clearing 2 rounds and an additional technical round with a Director, I was informed by hr that my final round after talking their manager within a week back in early October after 12 days I mailed the hr who called me to ask a few basic questions and told me basic questions about my current salary and If I'll be able to relocate and told me that I'll be contacted with 2 days for scheduling final Interview and today I recived the default rejection mail.

When I mailed the hr coordinator asking for an update, they send me the same default rejection mail.

The entire process took 4 months , I rejected a few good opportunities waiting for the final HR round.

What should I do ?

Should I call the HR coordinator ?
I have recently been offered a position as a Solution Analyst in Pennsylvania, which will predominantly involve remote work. I'm reaching out to gather some information regarding the technical setup for this role, specifically about the laptop provision. Does the company allocate a specific model, or is there an opportunity to select one? Moreover, I'm curious about any other equipment that might be provided for the role. Your insights on this would be greatly helpful.

&#x200B;

Thank you in advance for your assistance!
Recently left the company, and apart from the disappointment of not having even the managers/partners who I had worked with and thought I had developed good rapport with, respond to the good bye email, I have also not received any communication from Deloitte Can about next steps. Not only that, but I don’t even know who to contact to ask the questions that I have. Specifically, I haven’t been informed of my last pay, accrued vacation, or the money I contributed to the RPP. Can anybody who knows how this all works please let me know what to expect? It’s been a week since I’ve left, so this may be a bit soon, but like I said because there’s been no communication from Deloitte, I have no idea what to expect and when to expect it (or who to reach out to ask about it).
M, GPS, RFA

I recently entered into my 10th year at Deloitte. I was a campus hire and have limited frame of reference to other companies outside of my client work with mostly federal engagements. I have a strong network and support system within the firm that I value and worked hard to build. I’m happy with my pay, have high ratings, and an overall positive experience. I’ve been sitting at level for a few years with no real motivation to go up for SM. Mostly because they seem pretty stressed all of the time and have no work life balance.

I’m at a point where I don’t think client service is ultimately for me, but not really sure where to go from here? Is this just an uninspired phase that will pass? Is the grass greener on the other side?

I’d appreciate perspective anyone can provide on life after a decently long and singular career at Deloitte.

TIA!

Addition - thanks for the responses! Good food for thought. I guess I should add my motivations for posting this in the first place. I don’t really find the work fulfilling or rewarding, i often wonder if a non util job would improve my stress levels, and I don’t have a burning drive to make partner. Which makes me think I may be in the wrong business. Thoughts?
I'm curious about any legal implications, or if it's doable.

My branch will be closing the technology stack I'm working on technology, but checking on the status on SAP to make sure it's still in use around the world.

Before they had announced the changes I was already contemplating going freelance, but I'm thinking this could be my chance.

Any further comments or recommendations are welcome 😁
Roughly how much does a Sr Mgr (M&A IT) make in Germany? Thanks.
I have a unique situation. I was hired in April as a SC in GPS. I had about two months on the bench before being staffed full time. In late summer I went on a LOA (cancer). I’m returning to work now, back to my original project. My utilization is sitting at 50% for the year. I haven’t submitted a snapshot, as the only major accomplishment was writing on a RFP that we won in July. 

Is it worth it to submit a snapshot when I return from LOA? Is there anything I need to do before the new year or am I looking at a fresh start in the new year? My project is a multi-year engagement so there is no concern about utilization going forward. It’s been a hectic year, and my team has been very kind to me, but I know decisions are often made by looking at numbers and not individuals.
Hi all,

Anyone know what's the cuttoff date for this year's utilization? I've heard mixed dates, (Jan 6, Jan 13...) anyone knows for sure which date it is? Thanks!!
I start my full time winter audit internship at Deloitte this January and was wondering the likelihood of obtaining a job offer upon completion. I graduate from college this may with my major in accounting and I have a 3.6 GPA. I’ve worked in accounting internship positions all throughout college. I really want to work here at Deloitte so what are my chances? Any tips would also be greatly appreciated.
I’m a new analyst (started a month ago) and today was the official start date / roll on date for me of my project. I’ve checked in w leadership serval times in the past few days / weeks abt what I can do but they said I could not rly do much besides review some resources as I can’t charge until today.

However, come today and i have heard NOTHING or received nothing from anyone abt onboarding or starting and don’t even really know what I’ll be doing. I emailed again today and still haven’t heard back… is this normal? Do I keep sending emails?

UPDATE: i heard from the SM (and my rn asked some project leaders) and it’s delayed a little bit bc of some admin stuff, so they said i’m fine it’ll just take some days for me to be able to start. i reached out asking for ppl i can talk to (several times) and haven’t heard back yet - anything else i should do (also i am still not on a specific team and still not in a teams channel or anything like that) 
Is anyone here familiar with the unemployment process? I am a C1 preparing for the worst and I am afraid that if push comes to shove, my 4 late time sheets and 2 first escalations in MCD for trainings would make me ineligible for collecting unemployment and I am so nervous I cant eat or sleep thinking about it. Does the unemployment office contact Deloitte, if so, who at Deloitte do they contact? Would Deloitte block by benefits and or deem me ineligible due my minor compliance infractions? Please help.
Basically the title, I am supposed to start in audit Jan 2nd and I will graduate in Dec with 155 credits, but I sitll need one more accounting class since I only have 30 accounting credits not 33 credits. HR/ recruiters checked my transcript and they just looked if I have 150 or not. But now I need to complete the education background check? I am kinda worried - and yes I am planning to just take one extra accounting class at a community college. Should I be worried, should i tell them anything? 
Hi there, dumb GPS  new hire here. A coworker told me this earlier and I just wanted to see if it's true? Or perhaps it's only if you leave within 2 years of being hired, similar to the salary bonus?

Thank you for the feedback and sorry for the stupid question!
Hi all,

USDC commercial. With layoffs and everything happening, would I be in trouble for barely missing my util target? Target is at 95% and with my rough math I think I will end up around 93% with holidays bringing me below the mark. Not up for promotion so literally just trying to survive.
Hi all,
I am from CBO offering joined in back in 2021 September as an associate analyst straight outta college.
I am currently in my milestone year (analyst) and was eager to know how much of a salary hike i can expect in june,2024.
my current monthly in-hand salary being 31k.

thank you all in advance.
Normally this wouldn’t bother me except for the fact we both do the same job and started this year in GPS consulting. Difference is the type of analyst where she is a solutions engineering analyst and I am a business technology analyst. We both work on the same team doing the same thing with bachelors of science :( It is what it is right?

$88k vs $95k
Hello, can I just update my Form W-4 midyear for additional tax witholding? Due to my status, the standard tax withholding amount came short and I ended up "owe"-ing some amount of tax to IRS by the end of last tax year and I want to avoid that.
I had charged 9 hours SL/CL in August 2023 by mistake. So I have 7 hours SL/CL remaining which I wanna use up before it lapses at the end of this year. 

Can I charge 7 hours SL/CL and will it be considered a complete day PTO, or should I charge 7 hours PTO and 1 or 2 hours of the GAA or CED code?

I'm from Deloitte USI.
Basically what the title says. I’m trying to get some clarity on the role itself, I understand that it really depends on the project. However, I think it would help to hear different perspectives.
Hi, I have an upcoming Deloitte 60 min technical interview (first one) for an Analyst/Senior Associate position in Credit Risk Models. I come from a brief data science for credit risk background. So I don't know if it's going to be more "credit risky" than data science/analytics. Type of questions that I can expect? Much appreciated and Thanks!
Will be working as an intern at the Singapore Office this spring, anyone know anything about the office environment? Haven't found much online.
Hi everyone, so bonuses are received if we passed all four sections before our one year anniversary... So would that mean I could still receive a full bonus if I passed the fourth section in June when I receive my exam score in end of July and I started beginning of July? What I mean to say is my exam date safe if I enter in my passed scores beyond my 1st anniversary?
Hi all, I learned today that my coach is leaving the firm. I am a new campus hire and I just started a couple of months ago, so I’m not entirely sure where I go from here. How do I find a new coach? Will I be automatically assigned a new one? Who will approve my timesheets/expenses in the meantime? Thank you!
Hey,

I was a campus analyst on risk and finance advisory GPS. After I  joining on late May I was on the bench for almost 4 months. My current utilization is around 40% but I have 230 hours on AI firm incentives  projects. Part of the reason, I was on the bench for so long was I was waiting for my clearance. I have generally good snapshot and my performance metrics are good. I am really sacred I might get fired end of the year. I wanted to start looking for other jobs just in case I do.  Please offer any advice or suggestions. I am really scared.
I know a lot of people did not get a high salary adjustment during end of year. I have also heard this has only happened during the Covid year. How likely is it to get mid year salary adjustments?
Am I correct in thinking that I would put my resignation in on Friday, May 17th, making Friday, May 31st my last official date and would be able to still collect AIP (if any 🥲) on the paycheck statement that would post on Saturday, June 1st?

I’m planning to resign next year at the exact moment where I get full payout.
I was checking my mysource and I noticed a client and hours added to my schedule. Did my RM do that? I’m like 2 months on the job and my availability is pretty high because im still pretty new and it’s a slower time in my practice right now.
Hello, starting at Deloitte soon and was wondering if there have been any changes to Deloitte’s WFH policy? Some posts on this forum say they mostly work from home but those are from a year ago so I’m not sure if anything has changed. I’ve also heard that mon/fri is WFH and tues-thurs is in person at some offices? I know that a lot of this is heavily team/project dependent but is there a general company wide rule about this?
Not feeling very creative at the moment. What's your best deloitte RA quiz team name (internal team event)
I made some purchases last week and about to report and code does not show up when I type GAAxxxxx-01-01-01-0000. Chat live and support said wbs code is blocked please contact your manager. The amount left over still there but I can’t expense it. Anyone has idea what happened? Thank you.
I got laid off recently. I applied for a few positions, where I thought I was a great fit only to be rejected. I have revamped my resume since then. Would anyone here be kind enough to refer me? I think having a referral would move my application a little faster at the least, when you are competing against 150 other applicants.
I want to put in my two weeks notice. Does this include the weekend or are we talking about 14 business days ?
It’s been over a month for me, I was wondering if anyone has heard back yet? My recruiter told me I will receive an email update later this week. Has anyone received an email after being waitlisted for a while? Is it a positive or negative? 

I was waitlisted for the Campus Hire BTS Position.
Neither me nor the tech support folks can figure out why I’m having trouble downloading postgresql on my work laptop. It keeps giving me an error about my post installation step. Posting here on a whim if any of y’all have had this issue with your work laptop and gotten it resolved? I’m so done right now and have no idea how to fix this
Hey everyone, received an offer for USDC Lake Mary as a Technology Analyst. Campus hire. 

Curious if anyone knows whether or not people in this office go in person, and if so how often? Are you mostly remote? 

I’m hoping to live around 2 or so hours from the office and want to know if I’ll have to go in person a few times a week, or if this office is something where people never go in.

My recruiter pretty much just rephrased the hybrid work policy when I asked her this so came  here! TIA.
Initially interviewed for a Solutions Engineering Analyst position within GPS at the Austin office. I was offered a position in the Nashville office instead.
I was wondering what the Deloitte community is like in Nashville? Is it smaller than Austin?
Is the office in downtown Nashville or is it located in the other Deloitte office near Nashville?

I would appreciate anything else about the Nashville office!

Thanks in advance!
I’m considering getting a second job that’s part time / on the weekends. The jobs i’m considering are 99% not likely to violate compliance or cause a conflict of interest (they’re mostly all tutoring or working with animals or related to something like that).

However I know there is an approval process to get outside employment. My questions are:

1. Do i NEED to go through that process? 
2. If so, how do I start - do I need to talk to my coach first or is that not necessary, can I apply without letting deloitte know first, or do i need to let them know? 

Just very confused abt how to go abt this but ik a bunch of ppl with another gig so curious what I need to do for that!
Can we call 1800 Deloitte or some other internal service to look over our W-2s? I recently redid mine but I'm paying like $1600 a month in fed taxes alone which really doesn't seem correct. And no I'm not an M or SM level making that much money lol
How good/in demand is Boston’s GPS division? Also how much does it matter which office you’re located at?
I just discovered that my ex-girlfriend, who was unemployed when I broke up with her four years ago, is now two levels above me and she is a manager at Deloitte and i am a DC CON lol I have no idea how she achieved that. I stumbled upon her profile while searching for a similar name and I was shocked.
I am shocked wtf did just happen wtf damn how tf


Hi, I applied to an analyst (credit risk) opening in Deloitte the day it became available. And as of today, it would have been 2 weeks since I applied. The job posting is still up and in the candidate home section it currently says "In Process (11/24/2023)", which is Friday. And today it's Sunday. 

Now I understand my imagination might be reaching far places, but
1. Any significance of this status ?
2. Is the date just updated every weekday ? 
3. And do they acknowledge after the posting is eventually taken down or it's always rolling?
Do you think they will be any salary hike this time, given the current market conditions?
Saw someone posting that he got an email notifying some punitive actions in tune of reduction of .25% in salary.
I will do my 2nd interview round at Deloitte tomorrow ->  Sustainability Business Case Study. 

Should I wear a suit (w. Or without tie) or business casual? 
Dont know if dress code standards are same as consultancy or maybe in Sustainability Services are more chill. 
Thanks
I was late completing a training on sexual harassment in the summer and upon receiving a notification about it I completed it in august. I received an email today that they are adjusting my salary for FY24 by .25% 

I have a meeting about this on Monday to discuss, but can I fight this at all? This is very discouraging and I already feel underpaid as a senior
i want to get sony headphones and i was considering getting them under the WFH subsidy bc i will be using them for meetings / calls but it says there “earbuds and headphones are not covered under this subsidy but Are Covered under the well being  subsidy” - but when i referred to the WBS, i couldn’t find any specific category they’d fall under. 

Which should I get them under - WFH or well-being? has anyone done this already?
US Consulting. 

First time traveling for a gps project, can I use Amex for Uber to airport and if so do I expense it to project wbs? 

For time spent traveling do I add that to dte under project wbs?

Ik I can check dnet, don’t have my laptop w me rn. Thanks
I applied to a Graduate Tax Advisory role in October and completed my job simulation in early November. Since then, Deloitte has emailed me twice, once to ask clarification about my final undergraduate grade and the other (more recently) to ask for my specialism preference within the Tax stream. Is this a good sign? Does this mean i have a chance at making through to the assesment centre round? I'm worried since it's been 20 days without them giving me either an acceptance or a rejection.
I want to purchase a massage for the well being subsidy. Can tips also be covered?
I recently got extended an offer for an analyst role in consulting as a recent graduate and am becoming very paranoid about the background check & if any small discrepancies will cost me….

E.g. worked at a startup where my official title was Marketing Intern, but bc of the nature of startups, I was doing business strategy work too. Hence why I put my title as ‘strategy intern’ on my resume. I’m very paranoid now
When we buy smartphone under USI smartphone program, in the next 2 months if we resign from Deloitte whether we have to give back the Money or we can keep the phone?
How do you initiate the H1B process? 

- For those who have applied to H1B, were you hired in a position that said Deloitte does ‘not now or in the future sponsor’? 
- Did you initiate the process by reaching out to Deloitte Immigration? 
- Is the only option the ‘lottery’ or can you directly be sponsored?

C1, Advisory, US
For the ntap who do you reach out out too? You’re direct project ppmd or the ppmd for your offering? Does anyone have any insight? Looking to get into grad school but want to get firm assistance.
So I was hired almost a year ago now out after getting my mastering following my undergrad … my start date got pushed back.. twice and now until Feb 24.. should I be worried I’ll never start and lose my job?
I'm good at my role but the fact that it takes 12-16 hours between multiple clients, sales and eminence just makes me dread waking up each day. I've realized I need something that has more defined hours (barring exceptions) to allow me to spend more time with my kid growing up. I am in a great place.. salary, network , prospects and it seems silly am to give it all up but I absolutely hate every moment that I work here and I've tried to ignore that feeling for many years and I feel I should try finding out what else is out there outside of consulting. I would like to be a product manager but it seems really hard to get that role in tech or industry given the economy and the perception that consulting managers may not be the best fit outside of consulting. I want to know if any one was in a similar situation and how you got out of it .. any advise is appreciated.
I want to buy a Herman Miller office chair that costs $1300 with my well-being subsidy. Can I use the $1000 on my well-being subsidy and pay the difference? How would I expense this on DTE?
new hire from the summer - i'd like to buy a bunch of stuff for working from home during the sales and saw the company gave out 500 bucks for that. Saw some comments saying they though it might not be around anymore- is that true? 
I've been a part of the Audit practice for 3+ years now but I'm looking to make a bit of a career change. I know Deloitte will sometimes pay for an MBA under the condition that you return to the firm for a specified amount of time upon completion of the MBA. I have a couple of questions about this process:

&#x200B;

1. Would it be possible for me to get Deloitte to pay for an MBA and then for me to return to the firm in a different role (Consulting, Advisory, etc)?
2. What is the best way to go about getting this process started? Do I bring it up to a partner before beginning the process of studying for the GMAT and applying to MBA programs? Or do I work on getting admitted to a program and then bring it up? 

I appreciate any and all insight from anyone who has gone through this process before or knows someone who did.
Hi! I got offer letter in September 2023, around 2 months back. I signed the offer letter and the HR team confirmed it and told they would communicate later for next steps. My joining date would be in second half of 2024 (next year). I haven’t received any mail from them till now post signing offer letter. Any one had similar past experiences? Is it normal, if yes, when their would normally contact and for what? Any help is much appreciated. 

P.S - I am a campus hite
Anyone here from India RA cyber? Are there enough projects available? Has anyone heard anything about layoffs?
Is deloitte strict on if we have a side hustle on yt or any social media platform? Thinking of post gaming Content but trying to see if there are any rules against it.  would swearing in these videos put me danger?
Hi , i have my director round scheduled. What questions can i expect. Will there be technical questions also and is there a chance of rejection even in director round also?
Does anyone know of projects and clients that involve work in legal and regulatory areas, or policy work in government?
I know we use HOL code but do we have to put 8 hours in Absence as well?
Hi everyone I am doing MBA from tier 2 college India. Recently I got an offer from Deliotte for GPS role but the pay is very low. My interest is inclined towards business valuation and I have cleared CFA level 1 exam, and will be writing level 2 next year in August. So i want to know after joining deliotte can i switch my job role internally?  
Hi everyone, 

I've been interviewing for a role with another company and we're talking salary. The potential new employer is asking for an attestation of experience, which would be a document that needs to lay down some details about my experience with Deloitte (Name of the company/ contact details, the title of the position held as well as a description of main tasks, the duration of the job held, the status (full time or part time) and the number of hours worked by week.). The document needs to be signed by Deloitte as well. 

My question is how do I ask for this document? I don't want to say I'm leaving before it's certain.

Also, who should I ask for this document? should I put in a ticket in ServiceNow?
Joined D in July 2022 as consultant with 3.5 YOE. I worked under one manger for almost a year. Was given two small orphan projects in his team so didn’t really have much client visibility. Then he move me to another internal project in which I had low availability for one week because of some personal matters but the lead took offence and got me fired from that project in June end. After that I was benched for 2 months and got called to DU once. Then in September end finally got a project. Work was shit but still did well and got appreciation from client, contractors, leads. But now new manager might not be able to push my promotion for senior con because I’ve been under him for such little time. How do I drive this conversation in my favour? Should I talk to my VP too? I know they close discussions before December disconnect. Please advise.

Hi guys! I'm a new A1 who started in September in the Toronto office and was just wondering how many days people in audit public usually go in the office. My team has been going in 3 days a week so far and plans on going in 6 days a week during busy season. Is this the norm? Members of my team have told me that virtually all teams operate like this but I feel like this might be a lie. Most of my friend told me that their teams only come in 2 days a week with plans to not come in at all during busy season. A few have told me they never come in. So far I have only heard of one team that operates like we do which is the team for the largest file of our office, one which has an infamous reputation for being terrible to work on. So basically I just want to know, is my manager lying to me?
Hello Guys! I'm joining Deloitte as an A1 in January 2024, however I was wondering will I be eligible for a promotion in July 2024 itself? Or will I have to wait until July 2025? Also, will I be getting a bonus? I'm literally looking for any insight you guys might have and I'm open for any tips! Thanks in advance.

#deloitte #audit #Toronto
Hi all

I'm considering a director role at another firm (currently senior manager) in RA.

Does anyone know what the London salary band is for directors in RA London? I.e. min, max, and mid?

TIA
Hey guys, it's been two weeks now since I interviewed for Deloitte's sophomore consulting internship with the GPS team in Arlington. Has anybody heard back on this yet? Does anyone know when I can expect to get a response or if they've started giving out offers? 
I am an MBA graduate hired in deloitte USI. The office is not in my hometown. Will I get relocation expense for moving to a new city?
Hello Everyone,

I am currently in Audit right now as an Intern. I wonder what the future opportunities Deloitte as Consultant vs Auditor. I know that out of the big 4, Deloitte is known for its Consulting Practice. Does the two practices have sustained pay or opportunities difference over long period of time. I was wondering if it common for people to transfer from Audit to Consulting. 
Applied 3 months ago to 3 openings and 2 have been moved to no longer in process and another has been moved from application received to initial screen in progress but has been stuck there for 2.5 months, Could it be that they are waiting for a project to sell?
What charge code do I use for tomorrow and Friday on my time sheet? (Thanksgiving holiday)
Does your manager receive a notification if you’ve received a shout out from someone? Just curious to know if they have any insight on these
Specifically pay range,role and qualifications?
Whenever i use a well being or commuter subsidy nearly the whole amount is taken out “in taxes” from my paycheck but the math is not really mathing? Can anyone explain how this works?

Hi I’m a junior accounting & information systems major international student. In my freshman year I had an internship at EY in my home country. This summer past I had an internship at Deloitte accepted the return offer for summer 24. 

However I just got an offer for a big tech company for summer 24. Pay more, housing, commute stipend, well being subsidy, flights  …basically the whole nine yards. 

It would be foolish of me not to go with the tech company especially having 2 pervious Big 4 accounting internships. Also the intern package at the tech company is something I cannot pass on & the experience I’ll gain. 

My question is how to tell my recruiter that’ll be going somewhere else. Also just wanting another point of view as an international student is it wise to continue build a relationship with Deloitte? Instead of starting a new one with the tech company in hopes of a full time offer ? 

Thanks for any help in advance!
Heyo, I'm currently working for Deloitte Portugal in full remote regime.
I'd like to go to a different country in Europe for a couple weeks to visit family but it would be great if I could work during this time due to not having to waste so many days off but I heard of deloitte being strict about this because of taxes and security. Is there any way that I request approval to temporarily work abroad?
Has anyone been able to work remotly in a different country temporarily with approval of the company? 
I have a colleague that did this behind company and in the same day he connected to his pc in the different country he had take the remaining days of his trip as vacation days.
I have two offers on the table and need some help.

The first is a manager in the corporate finance modeling team at big4 and the other is in a manager at a boutique valuations firm which is doing some great work with some high quality businesses for a partner I used to work with.

Any thoughts considerations?

The name of the the big4 could be really valuable in progressing but the exposure/learning and opportunity of the boutique is really appealing too.

Thanks!

I finally figured out why Deloitte is called Deloitte. 

Depressed + Exploit = Deloitte
And how likely can a transfer happen? Coming from MTS (tax compliance). Senior level. And what are the different options in GPS?
I applied for the Sophomore Risk & Financial Advisory (Government & Public Services) internship on November 12th and haven't heard anything back yet. Does anyone know when I can expect to hear something (if at all)? Is anyone else who applied in this similar timeline experiencing the same thing?
I applied for 2 government and public services internships in late October and haven't heard anything back about an interview. I checked my portal today and both applications still say "applied and pending review". I go to a target school and have good stats, does this mean I was auto-rejected? Should I reach out to a recruiter on Linkedin or something else? Thanks!
Hey guys! I’m happy to have received an offer. I look forward to the travel aspect of the role, how often can I hope to travel?
I understand that it really depends on the project, so I’m looking for any personal experiences of other GPS analyst. 
Also, I’m in the Nashville office if that changes anything.

Thanks in advance!
Hi Everyone,
Just wandering if you guys can provide a insight to how the CBO clouds team is (specifically of the Australian team if possible). I’ve received a grad offer for the Consulting - Cloud and Engineering pathway (technical).

I want to know how the work is, how technical the role is, career progression, work hours and any other info would also be beneficial.

Thanks!
I got hired as a Solutions Analyst, Software development, GPS. Though not originally, it was business technology, commercial. I got lumped in with the programmers at first, but got that sorted out with someone helpful. Now I'm just looking for jobs in the Talent Marketplace and with my RM. 

Trouble is, what I want to do in technology seems to be difficult to find in the project postings. I want to do project management in tech projects, not code them. Some people in PMO have reached out, can I switch something around so I'm seeing more of the PM projects listings? I met someone who is working on GPS stuff, but not part of USDC, their just assigned to a local office where I live and work remotely. How do I switch away from all the focus on coding skills positions being advertised? I know other people are needed on these projects.
Is it possible to go from an Analyst to a Specialist in PDM GPS Consulting? I’m planning ahead for 2025 sine it’s too late for a 2024 promotion. Do we have any documentation on how much of a raise we can expect from one position to the next? Especially since, we need to prove we can perform at that level before promotion.
Me: prepares something for manger review.
Manager: "I'm going to tear it apart so don't be alarmed."

What do you guys think of this saying? 

To me this is a red flag for toxic behavior and makes me think I may not want to work with manager again.

Edit: triggered because it brought out my imposter syndrome and past workplace experience. I'm good now thanks team.
HR is useless at this company. They have about the same humanity as AI at this point. That is all
Hello. I am in the GPS practice as a SE analyst and I have been doing it for a year.  I would like to switch to the Strategy/M&A discipline on the commercial side. How prone is this to happen or what would I need to do to go about it? I would also like to transfer offices if possible. Any feedback or thoughts on this would indeed help a lot. Thanks in advance. 
Just curious if anyone actually knows AND can share with us how many people were laid of this year from Deloitte? I see guesses and estimates anywhere from 1200 (which seems way low) to over 10,000 so far ytd. 

you can DM me if you don't want to post anything publicly :)

thanks!
What is the manager 1  salary band in audit in San jose?
Hi everyone I am currently a solutions delivery analyst up for promotion, what will my new title be if I get promoted?
When you use the Leisure travel offers page and click on the United Airlines link, it gives the option to choose one of two programs, either personal travel or business travel.

Could I use business travel and pay for it on my own personal card. I know that you cant use Trips for personal travel and this isnt Trips but I just want to know if what I'm asking is allowed since Ive seen cheaper rates for clickingbusiness travel than personal travel.

Thanks

Thx
Can anyone from Deloitte or gone through this process already about Deloitte second innings program. I got a call from HR and asked about the details and told me the team will contact me. Then I didn't received anything . What is the exact process .. do I need to prepare for technical interview?
Hi guys, I'm a new hire that was brought on this summer. During DLaunch, the facilitator had mentioned that everyone on the analyst level was only required to bill 40 hours a week. When speaking to my coach, she had recommended 45 hours a week. 

Seeing that the utilization was out of 40 hours a week, I had decided to just go with the 40 hours a week seeing that I can hit over the 80% that was recommended for first years. Is this something that I can get away with or should I start billing 45 hours a week?
Applied for discovery internship but haven’t heard anything as of yet in regards to interviews or anything :/ and i’m seeing people are already getting offers for roles; Should I email my recruiter?
Just received an offer for TC in a VHCOL area. I feel like my offer is low, and my signing bonus didn't make up for it much? I have heard that Deloitte does not negotiate with new hires but I will be graduating with a Masters degree before starting, and have relevant work experience. I am going to try to negotiate regardless as the worst that can happen is they say no.

What was your starting salary (& COL location) and education/experience level as a tax consultant?
Hi,

I’m going to be starting in the Arlington, VA office next year.

Can anyone who works there, or has worked there, tell me about what the office is like? Do you get an assigned desk? Is there free food? Coffee? Parking?

Thank you!

Hello guys. I’m a sophomore at a T10 and recently received two internship offers for summer 2024. Here are the details:

1. American Express
Financial Analyst Intern
NYC
9 weeks
35.71 hourly pay plus 5k bonus
Guaranteed return offer for junior year internship for 2025

2. Deloitte
Risk and Financial Advisory Discovery Intern
Atlanta
32 per hour plus 4500 bonus
7 weeks
Guaranteed return offer for junior year internship if I don’t fuck up

Here are my worries: 
1. Based on my interactions with past interns at AMEX, the internship is much more structured. So I’m pretty sure I’ll be getting a lot out of it unlike for Deloitte.
2. I don’t intend to live in NYC after graduation and the finance department is located at the NYC office.
3. The cost of living in Atlanta is much better than NYC meaning I’ll be coming home with much more if I choose the Deloitte internship. Please correct me if I’m wrong about this
4. I’m worried about the layoffs at Deloitte and issues with bench or whatnot when I get a full time offer whereas AMEX offers some sort of career stability and a more structured career progression if I remain with them.
5. The pay at both now and even for a FT job is roughly the same taking into consideration the COL at both cities. So compensation isn’t an issue here. 

So which is a better option?

Are we allowed to use portfolio management services/wealth management services? I ask since I will have no control over the investments made by portfolio manager (apart from risk tolerance and investment horizon) so would it still be considered an independence issue? Also since I will get to know about the investments made by them only via the investments report (month end), it will be near impossible for me to enter the investment details in t&t within permissible time.
Hello! I am interested in applying MDP program but have some concerns and hope can get some help here -

1) is that applying for MDP program is as hard as applying for internal transfer? For example, you have to do a lot of networking to the people in that group 

2) my promotion should be next June. Is that better I wait until I get promotion and start the application process? Just worry if I do it now I will not get promoted…

Thanks for your input!
He seems terrible at his job
Been having a blast with my new CookieMonsterGPT
Ok I work in TTC and its tax technology but I’m CPA eligible meaning I have to take the CPA to get promoted to manager. I heard if I move to a state where I’m not CPA eligible I can get outve taking the cpa is this true?
I just want to gauge my finances for next year. Does anyone know the salary percentage hike for consulting in Chicago post first year?
Hi, I applied for the Deloitte Discovery Freshman internship early November. Do you think I should be expecting to hear back at all? Considering, I applied a bit late. I was mixed on applying earlier as many people stated applying as late as March and still making it through due to being a freshman only program. I don't really have a transcript yet so I just put in my advisory transcript. Has anyone else done this program?
Are the layoffs truly random and indiscriminate? Like should we all just be on edge everyday and give up hope? 

I’m a C1 and just got back from DU milestone training which is supposed to like set us up for this leg of our career and frankly I was excited, but fishbowl is so sobering. 

I have a couple of late timesheets and MCD trainings (certainly nothing crazy imo) strong ratings, FIs, PRDs, 100%+ util, staffed well into 2024, strong client relationships for past 2.5 years (my whole tenure lol) and I still feel like if I relax for even a moment I’ll regret it. Is this how Deloitte has always been, should I have expected this?

Someone I knew in Deloitte got laid off. Is layoff still going around?
Hello, I will be joining deloitte as an intern in January and I'm filling out the tax form section and it's asking for work address and I'm just wondering. Are they asking for my current work address or the Deloitte office address that i'll be working.
TL:DR; tech industry jobs don't seem to value software dev experience earned at Deloitte; are there other industry jobs that want Deloitte alumni more?

Hey guys, I've been lurking this subreddit for a while and finally have something to ask: for people who have voluntarily left Deloitte, where have you since found work?

Some important context: I've been employed with Deloitte Canada in a data/software development capacity for about 1.5 years. My sub-offering has had two rounds of layoffs in the last 4 months, and while I'm grateful to have not been directly impacted, these have also vaporized any chance of promotions/raises for the foreseeable future, and (in spite of leadership's quasi-delusional insistence to the contrary) there is no indication whatsoever that this is anything other than a slide into the abyss for Deloitte Canada's technology practice. As such, I'm trying to get out of here.

This is the problem I have: I'm applying for jobs in tech that are exactly what I do day-to-day at Deloitte, and am hearing nothing back. This happens even when I write cover letters articulating exactly how my experience aligns with the job description. I have a research-based master's degree in an engineering field (not software, admittedly, but I did a lot of programming during it), certifications in cloud tech, and multiple substantial personal projects on my resume, but my only professional experience in tech is from Deloitte, so the sense I'm getting is that the tech industry doesn't trust technical expertise gained from work at Deloitte.

When looking for jobs, I've thus far been trying to avoid switching fields; however, given the state of my sub-offering, I'm pretty open now to a pivot. Hence my question: is there anywhere in industry that still likes Deloitte alumni? Also, is anyone else having a similarly tough time leaving Deloitte for tech?
Is it a good idea to ask for a bonus as an intern?

Deloitte doesn't offer relocation assistance, so I was hoping to potentially ask for a bonus to help cover those costs. I have another offer from PwC that is giving me a bonus, so I was hoping to use it as leverage. I feel like there's no harm in at least asking even though it's unlikely.

&#x200B;

Edit: 

Just to give an update, if anyone is in a similar situation, I would say just do it. The answer will 99.9999% of the time be "No, you're an intern we have set rates" but there's genuinely no harm in asking, especially to satisfy your curiosity and not regret not asking later on. Plus, my recruiter was super chill about it lol. I don't know why people always say not to at least ask. As an employee, you always want to make sure you are getting the best deal for yourself even if it's unlikely. That's all. Plus you're literally an intern, they won't rescind the offer just because of this question
Had final interview with PPMD on Tuesday, they told me they were finishing all final interviews with other candidates this week. Decided to send a follow up/thank you email to them this afternoon and got an automatic “out of office until the holidays are over” response. 

What do you think are the odds I would hear back on whether or not I received the job before the holiday?

I was really hoping to hear back before then end of next week, but I would imagine their say holds a lot of weight in the decision making process and it’s unlikely I would hear back until they are back in the office. Everything else throughout this process has been very fast, and I’ve heard back the day-after all my other interviews so the anticipation this time is killing me!

Edit: I was fully prepared to wait until after the break to hear any news. However, I actually heard back with a verbal offer this morning! They left their feedback with HR before heading out on Friday - I believe I should receive my written offer before the holiday.
Signed my offer a couple days ago. It said I’d get more information about the start date after signing but I haven’t got any information since signing. All I know is summer 2024
Do you personally fill out loop survey for your managers even if they don’t directly ask you to fill one out? I’m thinking of filling out a survey for a manager that I (and others) have had a somewhat negative experience with.
Do you really have to plan out promotions 18 months in advance?
Does it look bad to be an SC for 4 years in advisory
Got hired recently and they said the start date would be around August but they gave no specific date. Is this normal? Should I start looking for another job as a plan B? I'm excited to start working but I'm confused by them taking so much time to do onboarding.
I just got my cpa license and now got a email from deloitte stating that i need to immediately obtain aicpa membership

Do u know if the fees gets reimbursed and which package can i select
The basic or can i select the premium one?
Received terrible feedback from current lead coz I was not able to cope up with work. In previous projects I had feedback lying between Strongly Agree and Very String Agree. Currently I am at Agrée. Missed some work deadlines at start so my fault in a lot of places. The project is also difficult. Anyway after almost 9 months of turmoil, I have somewhat stabilised and now my lead also acknowledges and appreciates my work. Should I make the effort of asking my lead and coach on if my promotion can be shifted back to 2024 on the portal? Or is it like a lost cause and I should instead focus on new jobs? Expectation of going from Consultant to Senior Con. 6.5 yr work ex
Been here 1 year and 3 months in itsa and I feel like I haven’t learned anything. Every time I send something up for review I feel like everything is wrong and I get a ton of notes back. I’ll address the notes and send it back and still it’s wrong. I ask questions about how things work but it just leads to more questions and it seems like everyone hates me asking questions they’ve already explained. I don’t think I’m cut out for this kind of business and it’s making me start to question my intelligence.
I hear about people working for Deloitte all the time but for the life of me, I can't figure out what the heck they even do. Is it a staffing agency?
As the title says, just finished technical training last week and finished my first week on the bench today. I have been working on LinkedIn trainings during this week. RM said they are working on getting me on a project. Wondering if anyone could advise any other things I can do during this time on the bench.
If you are transferred from USDC to CORE do they adjust compensation? It was briefly mentioned to me but nothing officially said about that but I do understand that the compensation levels are much different.

Currently a C level $115k HCOL and just transferred to CORE. My roommate is a C in CORE and she is pretty similar to me regarding project and experience and I know she is at $155k.

&#x200B;

Anyone know anything like this?
Hi everyone, hope all is well! 

I am from USI A&A and as you must be aware (Audit Folks), snapshot deadline is 11/17.
Per Indian time, I missed it and was able to complete it at 11/18 12:10 am IST.

I figure many USI professionals raise snapshots to US seniors/ managers/ PPMDs so it is okay. Does iRPM work according to US time? Would be snapshot be covered within this cycle?

Can anyone please confirm my understanding?

It is showing me as filled on 11/18🫠
Does any one have experience or knowledge about transferring from a canadian office to one in the United States? Is there eligibility requirements? I just joined Deloitte a couple months ago in audit. Might be moving for my partner. What is the overall process in terms of work visa as well? Will the US office offer a work visa to me?
I'm in Canada, there was a second round of layoffs. And honestly, I don't really want to work here anymore. I hate constantly fearing for my job. I'd love to go back to industry, and I probably will when I get the chance. 

There are quite a few things I just don't understand how they ever thought it was a good idea. For example, in any normal job, you have work, are given tasks. In Deloitte, you have to hunt for projects. Network with people. If there isn't enough work, then people get laid off. Of course right now, there isn't enough work to go around.

Being on the bench sucks, it's anxiety inducing, since of course there's lay offs left and right. 

I don't really know why people think this is a great place to work. It isn't.
First year USI consulting analyst, please recommend some certifications that i could do to help me later in my career
Why is my manager sending me recurring emails asking for loop feedback
So many projects asking people to work on Saturdays. It's been 3 saturdays back to back and i just received another email asking the entire team to work on the next  2 weekends as well.
Hey y’all, looking at my paystub I noticed that there was something under my regular salary line item for 11/18 Standard Commuting for like $52 was just curious if anyone knew what that was? I didn’t charge anything to my hybrid commuting since it ended last time I charged something to that was Sept 26 and that already was taxed in a previous paycheck

Sorry let me edit: it is not a deduction, it’s in my gross earnings. Sorry I’m dumb not a tax person

edit 2: I’m confused the line item and amount is both in gross earnings and other deductions 

Hi all, bit of a read but more info the better. Been with the firm for a few years now and basically at the realization that consulting and all that comes with it is not for me, which is fine and am happy I was able to have this opportunity in the first place. I’m on a fairly good project and have good enough relations with the team, but overwhelming stress along with little recognition and the politics within consulting & sort of corporate space as a whole for me is something I cannot see myself in long term, so the sooner I get out to pursue other opportunities the better. That being said I’m just seeking advice on best way to leave the project AND (I know this could sound scummy to some but frankly I don’t care) chill on the bench for as long as possible. Not just gonna sit and twiddle my thumbs all day, I’d still be using the resources available to help study and get a couple certs while I still have access to resources available, deliver food for a couple apps just for a cushion (did this in college), and of course scour the job market. But figured hey, I’m on the payroll and have gone through enough stress already, so want to just milk it as long as possible. Ideally would roll off the project over 1-2 months, don’t want to completely screw them and will write some KTs and wait for a new dev to onboard. Just looking for any advice on initiating the project roll off itself and what to expect/advice when on the bench. Or if the overall plan is feasible lol, don’t plan on staying with the firm. Thanks in advance for reading
I was placed in Deloitte last year for an Analyst role from college. Unfortunately, my offer letter has still not come yet due to some issues. I'm kind of skeptical as to what i should prepare at first before joining so that I don't feel overwhelmed when i start my work. I have major skills with python and some of its frameworks and I have built my major projects in Python. Beyond that, i don't have much knowledge about other tech stacks.

So can someone guide me as to what are some of the skills that i should prepare before joining Deloitte?
Got placed in Deloitte usi  last year August,  still no response from the onboarding team. I'm tired of justifying my placement to the society  They keep sending us useless mails. They are not onboarding us and still  the audacity to hire 2024 batch. Playing with the careers of freshers.Optimism has a limit and patience too. But day by day stress is taking over.And advice from the seniors will be appreciated
Hey guys, I just received an offer as a business technology solutions analyst at one of Deloittes USDC locations as a campus hire. They offered me 65k plus a 5k bonus paid over 2 years. I feel kinda lowballed and my recruiter specifically stated the salary is non negotiable. Is having Deloitte on my resume worth this?
Anyone know what charge code you use for a holiday event? GAA I would assume?
Hey guys,

What has been your experience leaving Deloitte within a year after you’ve joined?

Pros and cons?

Cheers!
Hi guys, if I am taking a trip abroad for 10 days what are some checklist procedures I should make sure to take care of before leaving?

Thank you
I’m a project manager with over 7 years experience based in London. I have always wanted to work at Deloitte.
And there is no job openings!
Do you know anyone who can recommend me from inside the company?
Has anyone raised a request for transfer due to personal reasons?
I have experience with openshift,aws,sso,netwokring
Any ideas how long it takes recruitment team to get back to candidates after 2nd round interviews? Any responses would be appreciated. Thank you.
Hi I was wondering if Deloitte has posted any summer internships opportunities for 2024. I specifically want to go in either finance or accounting and if anyone could refer me to where I could apply that would be great. That’s obviously if I haven’t past the deadline to apply for them.
How much is given to a senior solution specialist SAP, with 2 1/2 years with the company?
What amount of severance is given to senior solution specialist SAP 2.5 years if laid off. Medical package?
I recently applied to a strategy analyst role in the Philly area, and wanted to hear your honest takes on my chances of landing this job. I know Deloitte is a company that is super tough to get into, so figured I'd come on here and ask. 

\- Finishing my grad degree in HR Management next month (3.9 GPA) 

\- Undergrad in Poli Sci (4.0 GPA)

\- About a year of experience (made up of 2 internships and a grad assistant role) 

\- Had a reference from current employee 

&#x200B;

Alright, I’ve got a few questions regarding my internship (I start January)
(NYC office)

1. Am I allowed to do overtime? I have read on a few occasions that apparently 55 hours is expected. But I want someone to confirm if I can do overtime. 

2. Do winter interns go to DU?

3. Are we allowed or has anyone see other interns get extensions? Is it at all possible? 
Hello everyone,

I find almost nothing about IT M&A. Is it closer to IB or closer to (tech) consulting, especially regarding future opportunities? What are typical exit opportunities? And how are the hours per week?
Hey guys, I interviewed for Deloitte's discovery consulting internship last wednesday with the GPS team in Arlington. Has anybody heard back for this yet? I thought the behavioral interview went well but I  haven't heard anything since. How long does it usually take before they start giving out offers? 
US Advisory, can I go negative in PTO?

So my  PTO balance is not enough to cover my time off from Christams to end of January. RM said “you may not take PTO in advance of accruing it” and my PTO balance will be negative sometime in mid January. The problem is that my RM approved my PTO request last month (you need to get approval for PTO > 10 days).

Any insights will be helpful, thanks!
Now a good time to join? How about march?

This is for US commercial consulting 
I’m a US cyber advisory campus hire that started back in July. I’m rolling off my first project in December and I’m starting to look for a new one. 

What’s the best way to reach out to people? Should I explicitly state in the email that I’m looking to get on a project? Should I just ask about their career/experience and ask about project opportunities casually? Should I go ahead and put time on their calendar? Or ask first?

This is my first corporate job so I’m not sure what the etiquette is.
i usually get my pay on friday, just got a early pay Deloitte consulting. did everyone banking with 53 get this?
Anyone hear about this? Sounds like a lifeboat in the sea of layoffs here.

Another link: https://www.govconwire.com/2023/11/deloitte-awarded-98m-navy-idiq-for-business-management-services/#:~:text=Deloitte%20has%20won%20a%20five,Office%20with%20business%20management%20services.
Does anyone know if I can buy something from FB marketplace with my well being subsidy? If so, how would I expense it/create a receipt?
Hey guys! I was part of the layoffs that happened recently. I luckily found a new job, but had a compliance question. Big D said they want all new jobs reported to them to remain in compliance after they fired me. Do I report the new job now and risk them attacking the employer to be in compliance? Or do I wait until I start the new job?

 They made my good friends at my old jobs really mad because they hounded them so much. It was extremely embarrassing.
Incoming APAC region manager in corporate finance. I’m a bit concerned regarding current market and potential layoffs. Does anyone have any insights? I know that the easiest people to fire are the ones still in probation.

 Is corporate finance an area for potential layoffs given the quiet market.

Thanks
Title says it all. Want to get some super nice pot and pans next year and wondering if that would be covered. Nothing suggests not in the allowed times doc? 

Thoughts?
Hi everyone, how can I change my home address formally. Significant other found a new job near the Philly area and I’m currently around the Harrisburg area. Should I just update my address in ToD and that should be it or would I need to a transfer request to the Philly office. I’ve been remote and never had to go into the office ever since I joined the firm. I’m USDC just in case that makes a difference lol. Thanks
My interview was done 2 weeks ago. It was 2 round of interviews on a same day. After the interview i followed back to know the feed back. My recruiter says, the team is in the process of making their final decisions. She is hoping to be in touch with additional information on next steps? But have not heard back from her ever since. Has anyone encountered same issue?
I met the managing director of D. at a school event, and she told me on Zoom that she had made a referral. She made no promise to me that the referral would be approved. It has been almost two week. how long do you think it will take for me to hear from them? Do you believe that submitting a referral is a guarantee? 
I just recently graduated with a masters in political science and am (unfortunately) just realizing my interest for working in a consulting firm, specifically in a department like Deloitte’s GPS sounds so interesting to me. 

I also have zero industry experience. My experience consists of two internships in non-profits, some administrative work for a small film production company and a graduate teaching assistant. 

I have a solid grasp of the R programming language and stats and have used it in my internships before. 

This may be a long shot, but I’m wondering if I could every qualify for the most entry, entry level role here to get my foot in the door. 

If you don’t think that’s the case, does anyone know what steps can I take to get there? 

Another degree is out of the question at the moment, just because I can’t afford to fund another one. But I would really love to in the future, after working for a few years. 
Hi, I'm interning for GPS RFA next Summer, but want to end up in New York post-grad. Is this possible? I understand return offers are typically for the same office you interned at, but what are options for making it possible to be in New York the following year? Can you work in NYC as GPS or is it only Commercial? Is it possible to switch/re-interview for Commercial coming from an RFA internship? thanks so much
I have been invited to do a case study assessment for Financial Advisory (Turnaround and Restructuring). I’ve been told that it’s a 45 minute assessment and nothing else. Does anyone have any insights on what the case study is like to be? Any tips for preparing?

Thanks in advance!
It's already been 45 days since my last day and still hasn't received the final settlement from Deloitte. The Exit Management team says it's pending at P&C from last two weeks. 
How many days does it takes to settle the F&F?
Hello, I would like to know if anyone has experience in this area.  I recently accepted an internship offer at a Deloitte office near my university for the summer of 2024, and I am very excited about the experience I will gain!  However, I don't see myself working in that location long-term, and I was wondering how I should go about navigating this when considering returning to Deloitte full-time.  I know I am getting a little ahead of myself and I need to see how I like the work and if I actually get a return offer, but I just wanted to get a head start on thinking about how to approach requesting a location change for full-time.  I think it's worth noting that I have family in the location I would request.  Any insights are greatly appreciated, thank you so much for your time!
I have crippling fear of applying for other jobs out of fear that it will somehow get back to the firm and they will let me go. It is the worst feeling in the world because people at the firm are getting laid off left and right and frankly I cannot afford to go without a job, but I do not want to raise any red flags and risk the job I have now. Is this a rational fear? Has anyone else had to navigate this concern? I really cant keep going like this. 
Has anyone here ever gotten a deviated septum surgery that was partially or fully covered by health insurance?
Are you able to see who I am in Deloitte by posting this?
Does anyone have any insight into the consequences for not coming close to meeting the Firm Initiative/Marketplace contribution requirement of 5-10%. Senior Consultant in traditional consulting track, GPS. Just trying to determine how badly I screwed myself and the odds of my job being in jeopardy. 

The DTC code seems to good to be true! I just want to confirm that it is the leisure code (personal travel) and NOT the business travel code. 
If it’s a grey zone, anytime in negotiating price would be much appreciated. 

The XML seems like a general code, nothing special.
Hello all,

Had a question that I’m just seeking opinions for based on past experiences, as asking “when will I get promoted” has no set answer bc every situation is different based on personal performance and firm performance.

That being said, I was hired at quite a strange time (March 2023). RFA was really slow and it took me 9 weeks to find a project. My coach, OBA, RM, and senior manager from my internship in 2022 said not to worry at all, as leadership recognized the difficulty of landing a project at that time. Since I was hired in early/mid March, I was not eligible for a raise (not complaining bc I had literally just received a signing bonus). It now poses the question: How likely is it I get promoted June 2024? 

I ask because my main concern is that it may be too quick to receive a promotion, especially given the market conditions. However, my OP and sub-offering are performing above expectations. 

Lastly, my main reasons for promotion include 100%+ current utilization (only low due to 9 week bench at my start), CPE requirements met, Level-Up requirements met, SA to VSA on snapshots, 50+ hours firm contribution, staffed for next year, cloud machine learning certification obtained, award bonus given from MD on project, and my coach is aware of my promotion goal and is doing his best to communicate that to leadership. (Hoping this didn’t come off as some shameless brag either, just wanted to provide all with info/context)

TLDR: In your opinion, is it more likely I am promoted from A -> C in RFA in 15 months or 27 months from my start date?
Know personally of a Deloitte UK new grad (less than 1 year of experience) who got laid off. Conducting large layoffs mainly in first year analyst cohort (\~800) as they over hired for the September 2023 cohort and didn't want the reputational hit with the partner universities. Couldn't give the 22' grads projects for months on end but yet could get ALL the Sep 23 cohort fully chargeable huge projects. Left to starve out of the firm despite open pleas.

That person is now going to literally be homeless as they can't afford their apartment and have no family in the UK (will be seeking local shelters and universal credit). Most who have been laid off will struggle to get another job as the UK market is terrible at the moment and it's seen as a bad thing to have such a short tenure at the firm. It's sickening that they took on 1500 new grads to get rid of mainly those who had been at the firm for less than a year.

Know of someone who got their utilization miscalculated and is being let go due to that (they already told others they were safe) and have to leave the country due to VISA situation. This is not to mention the positive discrimination that has occurred. If you have some kind of a disability, have been on the bench the entire time and/or failed exams, you're safe! Know of someone who was fully utilized but took a 3 week vacation and was thus booted.

This needs to be known.
TDLR: Fresh Grad with decent SWE offer but actually want to be doing tech consulting

​

Long story short, I graduated five months ago with a CS degree from a non-target school and just got an offer of a software engineering role at a startup, but I don’t want to be in SWE even though I have

The issue is that I’ve realized I don’t want to do software engineering long-term. I have ~8 internship months of experience doing cybersecurity consulting. In between, I focused mainly on the product side (I co-founded a startup that has since been wound down and had a summer internship doing software engineering). My coworkers at the consulting firm felt like real people I could actually go out with.

I’ve realized now I want to pivot back into consulting, but I don’t quite see a clear path currently. I want to do tech consulting at a Big4 (tech implementation, transformation, strategy, etc). I realize I’d be taking a relativity major haircut in salary for an analyst role for similar or slightly more hours worked. Even though I can do the technical work, I’ve realized I’d be happier getting out of SWE. 

Would anyone happen to have any ideas (does a referral even matter for my situation?) or leads to chase? I’m currently based in Chicago, if that helps. I’ve had client-facing time and on-site at my internship, etc. I can post/send my resume if anyone wants to give more specific advice.
So, a while back I posted about how confusing everything was going after just starting and ending up in some group of new hires with all the programmers. I finally got to speak to the right person, who agreed, there was a mismatch in skills and the group I was in for training. We had a clear discussion about what my goals were, and he agreed. We decided something more of PMO in IT is a better fit and more aligned with my goals in the future, as well as a better use of my skills. So I've been removed from the training group, and allowed to search Talent Marketplace and work with my RM in finding projects that I can work on instead, as well as being able to sign up for training more in line with those goals. 

I'm feeling much better than I was at the beginning about my future with the company now, pretty much I won't have to feel like a dufus with no clue what's going on in the training, haha. A little effort, talking around, got it squared away and aligned to what I was expecting to do in the first place.
I received an offer for EFA position for post grad in the city I want to live in, but I do not think internal role is what I what to do long term. However, most of my internship is corporate finance expierence based, so I think I would have a tougher time getting a consulting job. I want to do something with consulting or capital markets 2 years down the road. The job market is scary right now, and I have not heard from any other applications unless it is them telling me they are not hiring right now. What do the exit opportunities look like for EFA? How can I sell myself with this role? Do I have a chance of transferring into consulting a year or 2 down the road? Any advice would be appreciated :)
I know there are a lot of restrictions on outside employment, and I think I know the answer, but I still want to know.  I work in Deloitte consulting and I want to get a part time gig doing bookkeeping for a tiny firm.  Would they let me do that or because they offer this service would it be considered a conflict (even though Deloitte doesn’t service individual clients)?
Any work in M&A Strategy and can speak on what that’s like and how to get a job in that field? Also what pay looks like for seniors / managers?
So received an email my pillow was denied as part of well being subsidy. I presume since neck pillows were allowed and mattresses, pillows would be also. What's the best reply to the denial email? It was a $100 pillow from Amazon.

Update: it was denied, the email admitted it was weird that it wasn't on the approval list but mattresses were. Not a big deal I'm going to just pay it and move on. Now I have to figure out what to do with this $180 I have left on my subsidy.
Can i buy spectacles (power) through well being subsidy?
What happens when the compliance review team reviews a case?
Debriefs, LinkedIn learning self reporting, compliance dashboard, what else?
Does anyone know the salary of a senior consultant in London in Risk Advisory?
Imagine checking your emails at 9AM and the first email greets you with “Hoe you’ve enjoyed your long weekend”

Is there anyone here that works in this role currently..  The Job description that I got is vague.. Is this a good role and what's the interview process like.. Location: Hyderabad 
Can anyone from Europe or especially Germany can give some insights about the current recruitment situation (Consulting)?
I‘ve been on the waitlist for some weeks and the situation at other companies seems very off as well at the moment. Appreciate it.
So I’m currently in a “financial analyst rotational program” where I work. On my resume I just put “financial analyst” since that’s basically what I do. But, while you’re at my current company all the rotational employees are designated as “assistant financial analysts” so when the background check company calls my supervisor that is what they will say I was… 

ALSO during my internship in college my official title was “finance team intern” and but since I was actually doing financial reporting, I put “financial reporting intern” on my resume … Will these two discrepancies cause me to fail the background check? I put those titles down because I figured it would just make more sense, I didn’t mean to cause any issues. 

(I also have offers from other middle market firms and I’m kinda just thinking about taking one of those instead before they expire if my chances of passing the background check are too low).
I do paid partnerships sometimes and they rejected it saying the business is not comfortable with it. I’m sorta heartbroken since I worked very hard to get where I am :(
Has anyone heard back from the waitlist yet? Whether it’s getting off or not getting off? Any one know what the chances of getting off typically are?
Any insight that can be shared about transferring to a different US office as a consultant? I’ve heard that historically it was an easy process but I now have concerns about making a request during the unsteady economy and after working at Deloitte for only a few months (circumstances in my life have changed and I am really keen to move cities).
Im a campus hire and ill be doing RFA gps. Someone who got hired at same office but in consulting said his recruiter told him they would be going to DU within first months of working, my recruiter hasnt said anything about that to me. I assume everyone would go but im not sure.
I got an internal transfer offer into EA starting end of November. Just realized I have a 3 week vacation planned for February that I already booked. I know the team is expecting busy work between January and March. Would I be SOL in asking to keep the pre-planned time off? Really do not want to have to eat the money invested in the trip
How does the boomerang system work in USI Consulting? Are there any benefits?
Is it easier to come back? 
I'm asking this as I want to study master's and join back into consulting. 
Thank you so much :)
What to wear to orientation? Do I show up in a suit?
I'm contributing 7% of my salary to my 401K. I want to know how much Deloitte puts into my 401K and Cash Balance based on this. What is the match, and when can I leave the firm and take everything I put in plus the match for both 401K and Cash Balance. Also, how do I find how much is in the pension (pretty sure nothing based on short tenure).
Basically what the title says. Is there actually good training for consultant level hires in GPS or are you kind of just expected to know everything?
What’s the difference?
Pros and cons?
Requirements?
Expectations?
Compensation?

Been on Deloitte on PDM for almost 4 years and thinking about switching to traditional in a year or two.
Hi, 
Has anyone received an invitation for the interview stage following the job simulation assessment?
I've been trying to find posts about anyone who's been a solutions engineer intern?? What has your experience/project exposure been like? I'm a CS major and while I think SWE is too much coding/technical work for me, I do want to be involved in some amount technical work to make sure I'm learning/developing my skill sets. Has anyone been a solutions engineer at the Arlington office? Or has anyone received the same offer and want to share their thoughts/determining factors of accepting/rejecting this position? 
I will most likely be giving notice in the next few weeks.  What is the general recommendations with the Deloitte pension. Should I take the cash payout or leave it for retirement as a pension?  I have about 15 years before retirement.
With today being the cutoff for open enrollment, I'm looking for people's opinions and experiences between these two types of health benefits.

Leaning towards changing to an HSA, but this is definitely not the industry I normally work in... So, what are our thoughts?
What has been your salary progression at your Deloitte, (base pay + bonus)

Also list what city your based out of.

Example - 
NYC - Audit
A1 - $$
A2 -$$
S1 - $$
Just called SunLife and they confirmed it.
Hi

I’m planning to move to core from USDC, is it a good idea?
Also my perm is in initial process so doesn’t that impact my process( moving in same position not trying to get promoted)?
Is it worth staying at Deloitte for 3 years until your pension vests? I’ve been here 2.5 years and am wanting to move on.

Hi, I joined Deloitte in June. So far I have accumulated 5 days vacation. I’m planning to go out of country in end of Dec to mid Jan. Can I take 15 days vacation during that time even though I have only accrued 5 days so far. Thanks

To those in consulting sales. Who has received their bonus? Still waiting on mine after ABO review .
basically the title. I had given my resignation but I really to leave after 40 days and I am willing to buy out but my manager and HR is not letting me. HR says they need approval from the manager won't give it. My notice period is 90 days which is insane and I cannot stay that long for personal reasons. I'm an entry level campus hire and I do not hold any significant importance in my project, my role is easily replaceable. Can they really stop me from buying out? My manager and HR won't even listen to me. Need your advice on this. I am from USI.
Currently sitting on 18% FY24, 24% since Jan and I’ve been saved from the latest round of layoffs. Good talent review rating and feedback, 100% compliance but nothing too incredible. No PIP. Just letting some of you know that nothing’s ever certain. Thankfully now on a role until March so can bring the number back up.
I am trying to decide between the Anthem PPO and the basic (cheapest) option plus HSA. If I were to maximize the HSA contributions, it comes comparable to the premium I would have paid on the PPO. HSA contributions limit for HSA is $8300. My premiums would be around $8500. I understand that that the deductible and the out of pocket is higher on basic but I think I could offset that with the HSA. All that comes into play if I have frequent doctors visits or if I have a major medical expense. If not, my HSA is carried over to next year. Am I thinking through this correctly?
Hi guys, I will be starting my job as a analyst here at D in May (following the completion of my MBA). I have worked throughout college full time with the govt as an intern, related work but won’t get too specific (intern only by title, definitely not by workload/responsibility). I am being brought in as an analyst, but if I waited a few more months I could’ve applied as an experience hire (consultant for example) and they won’t reconsider because only 1.5 years of my experience came after my Bachelors (went straight from bachelors to MBA). 

I know that they have the GSAP program where they pay for you to get your MBA. But as someone who is coming in with one, and work experience I feel like I am not being properly compensated and almost punished for my experience. Any advice? or any way to fast track getting to Consultant so that I feel like i’m not wasting my time?

Edit: I am a campus hire if that matters 
was hoping someone could clarify something for me (i’m traveling and my work phone is not connecting to plane Wi-Fi for me to check my email) - does open enrollment end tonight at midnight or tomorrow at midnight? thanks!
Any advice for how to prepare and what I should know would be greatly appreciated. I’d very much like this job! Interview is for EFA analyst. Thanks everyone!
Anyone know the typical transfer salary from consultant to CL4 in EA? On my final round and the range posted in JD is 70-135 so can’t really figure out what the offer might be
So a few months ago i didn’t update my new corporate card with t mobile and they shut off my service, I was hit with busy season and stopped using my deloitte phone and they cancelled the line. 

I am trying to reconnect the line and they are saying they want an explanation of why I allowed the device to be non-compliant when it was cancelled. 

Am I going to be fired?
So if I were to buy massages on Groupon, would that still be covered by by the subsidy? I feel like yes I'm just afraid that the purchase may not show it was a massage lol
When does Deloitte open applications each year for the next summer consulting internship? Has the application for summer 2024 passed? (La office ) Thank you
I’ve been with the firm for over two years now, and I still can’t find a clear answer as to the difference between USDC and Traditional.

Currently, I’m USDC, but I know Traditional typically gets treated better with more competitive pay, better benefits, and a pension.
Hi, so I am in RFA (deloitte US) and in a recent all hands we were told holidays dont affect utilization, however afterwards they backtracked saying the person that stated those answers was misinformed and holidays do infact affect our util. I have friends that work in consulting that informed me they get 120 hours of pto that goes towards util AND holidays dont affect their numbers. Does anyone know why consulting gets to have what I would consider to be a reasonable and expected situation with util and holidays, but RFA (and maybe other groups as well not sure) doesnt? It kinda feels illegal since it forces a lot of us to work way extra hours, but I doubt it is since im sure this is a loophole daddy D made sure 100% was legal even if morally gray
I’m looking at the Anthem Blue Card PPO for just myself but am curious about how widely it’s accepted. Is it technically BCBS? Also, is it accepted nationally? For those of you who have this plan, have you been pleased with the network and coverage? 

I have some medical conditions that require specialist visits 1-3 times in a given year and need rather expensive scans annually, if that provides any helpful information.

Thanks in advance! (FYI: new hire)
I recently joined Deloitte as a cybersecurity analyst after my graduation. I like the workplace and most of everything, but ofc my salary is awfully low compared to almost all my friends. My flatmate works at a company called alphasights who offer a better salary+employee rewards+bonus on performance every month. Sometimes his salary per month even reaches 2X of mine. His work doesn’t require any particular skill and he’s not building any particular skill either. Recently he asked if I want to join him at alphasights through his reference and I am really wondering if I should. Of course, there might be downsides to leaving big D and joining alphasights, but I really am confused if I am too naive to ignore the upsides. 
Will working at Deloitte at such a low paying position really be worth it? should i join a company like alphasights where i have the opportunity to earn twice as much without strong skillset?
I just wanted to express how Excited I am to have accepted a tax consulting summer vacation scheme offer for 2024. Does anyone have experience of the summer vacation scheme (in the uk), and if you have, what are the chances of being able to convert to a grad scheme.

Thanks!!
Hello everyone!

So, I’m finishing my master’s degree and i decided to look into internship that I could do (since it’s also in my curricula) and decided to apply for an hr intern position in Deloitte.

 I’ve always wanted to work in Deloitte and I love HR so I kid you not when I saw that I passed the screening and got the interview I almost cried. Now here comes the question: How can I prepare? What kind of questions could they ask me? Am i gonna face a technical interview also as an HR intern candidate? Should I review some accounting basics like balance sheet etc. just to be sure?
Don't get me wrong, I'm SO grateful to be staffed on a long term project that is relevant to my field. The client is easy to work with, but this project is so massive and the amount of work means the project moves at the speed of light and there is no room for "breathing room" and error. I do get assigned challenging interesting tasks that are great for my career progression so thrilled for those, even if they're hard. 

However, being staff level means I also get inane tasks. I got assigned a mindless but laborious time-intensive task that is going to take twice-thrice the time I was initially given for it, and I always feel like I'm behind on my "easier weeks" despite pulling 55+ hour weeks. I also feel like my lead always is disappointed when it takes me longer to finish tasks, but it's not like they even have boots on the ground or understand how much I'm doing even though I give ample updates.

Is it reasonable to try to find a new project at one year with the firm? I don't want to risk the bench, but I can't see myself maintaining friendships, strong family bonds, my relationship, and my sanity if I stay on this project for more than a year. I'm not even getting paid top market value here to justify the stress.
So I just joined the firm in late September and have been looking for a technical cyber role. Emailed and contacted tons of people but there’s just a lack of roles for junior analysts. Finally got placed on something but the project doesn’t really interest me. Going to have to take it though otherwise my utilization is going to start being a problem. Project managers who I’ve talked to have mentioned projects potentially starting in January and February that might need an analyst and these projects interest me. But once I start the project I’ve just been placed on, will I be able to leave it after 3-4 months? It’s most likely a year long project but will get confirmation next week. What should I do?
Did anyone here receive any communication for the upcoming winter tax internship? I haven’t received anything aside from background information form that I had to fill out. 

I know interns for audit received communication. 

I haven’t received anything regarding my start date or any other form of communication. I’m kind of freaking out. I currently work and I need to plan for giving in my two weeks notice.
401k / Roth If I do 3% to a Roth IRA and 3% to a 401k do I get the full 3% match from Deloitte?
I'm analyst. I'm up for my early promotion this year since I joined Aug 2022. My team said I'm doing great but they think I should spend more time in the role before going for Consultant. My manager has been out for the past 6 months due to leave. He say his input might not be accurate. I don't check in frequently with my Senior Manager in the past. And that's what he said. 

I talked to my coach and she said to be put up for promotion I have to have at least 6 months performing in Consultant level. 

And she also said it's too late to put me up for one. Since my team said I need more time in the firm. 

What should I do? Change job? Change team? Or change Coach? 

I've been doing great in this role and taking over the job of my colleague. My feedback is also great. Am I just not speaking corporate language? 
Thanks for reading!!
I just received an offer for a position at Deloitte in the Arlington office and I have some questions mostly about some stuff they were non specific about in the offer letter.

1) What is the work schedule policy? is it hybrid or all in person?

2) How does PTO work? What is the rate I accrue it at and if its different for each person how do I find that out?

3) What is the physical work environment like? Is it cubicle or is it an "open work space"? 

4) How long does it typically take for an analyst to be promoted to consultant?

I have also asked these questions to my recruiter but I figured I might get a faster response here.
Hello!
Currently I am an analyst up for promotion in 2024. Am I screwed for promotion if my utilization at the end of year is at 82% and not 90%? I attended multiple trainings, finishing my CPA in January- February, and got married in October. I never went negative for PTO but normally worked 40 hours exactly until the fall. I have had great feedback from all of my leaders as well.  
Thank you!
Hi,

I'm a new RFA analyst. I'm aware of firm initiatives within my offering portfolio through speaking with my manager, but I'm curious about firm initiatives outside my offering. I would like to meet new people across the firm since I only really interact with my project team. Is there a place on DNet or somewhere else where we can search for firm initiatives? Is anyone aware of firm initiatives on DEI, sustainability, or tech/innovation/AI, and how to find out more information about them?

Thanks!
After how long of the verbal offer on phone did you receive any email or a written offer from the company?
Hi, the title says it all. Call me lazy but I dont want to spend 2.5 hours commuting. Im assigned to the SJ office and not opposed to going in the office there but SF is too far. Would it be reasonable if i decline?
I applied for this position on November 2nd,2023 through a referral and then I received the PLUM TEST immediately. How long is the process and what would be the next step? Any thoughts?!? 🫡
I'm a law fresh grad that currently working for the Deloitte transfer pricing (TP) team—this is my 3rd month. Lately, I've been doing a quite lot of research and discussions with my peers and seniors at the office about career in TP. As far as I can conclude, I have options to dive deep to an industry that's very niche with limited back-up options in case this plan is going south or spent 1-2 years to secure Deloitte's name in my CV and get out from there.

My consideration are these, having a career at Deloitte TP is something that pretty satisfying for me—especially in terms of the salary and work environment. But, those all are not enough to say that this job is the one for me. I might be bored from this as the work mostly are done by adjusting the numbers from previous years works—and I'd learn nothing. Even when I learnt something, it'd be so TP spesific, that it wouldn't be that beneficial in other industry (if I decided to jump ships in the future).

But, if I decided to leave, I don't really have a thought on where should I go. I don't want to go back to lawyering as I wouldn't have life there. And I don't think I could go after another financial career as I didn't have that much of knowledge to do so.

My question are:
1. is TP career would worth my effort in the long run—especially as a law graduates?
2. as I'm also considering to work abroad (in Europe, preferably), what should I prepare or learn beside my job-related stuff (e.g. foreign language, etc.)
Hey All,

Just recently accepted an offer to join GPS as a Summer Analyst (I'm a junior in college). Classes right now are a piece of cake, and was wondering if there were any tips out there on what I can do in the meantime to make me more prepared for the role and have a higher chance of getting a return offer
Bear with me pls( I know how it sounds ) 😅
I'm looking to find a side hustle or  second job to help support myself and my family. I currently have the highest paying salary in my family as a Consultant.  I moved home to help cut my personal costs to be able to provide more, but this still isn't enough. 

Do you all have any side hustles or possible second job recommendations? Any guidance helps. 

Thank you in advance! 
Went to 1st evaluation session and I wonder how other skills are developed. 

People care too much about utlization. literally dont quiz you on another skill
Hi everyone! 

I am in Enabling Functions in Deloitte UK. I am looking to move from assistant manager to manager in the coming months. I’m guessing I will move to the bottom end of the manager pay scale. Does anyone know what this is? Couldn’t find it on DNet and my manager doesn’t know either.

Looking to connect with consultants/managers who are considering to become freelance consultant after leaving deloitte. I’m keen to understand why you think this is or is not a good idea for you, what information you would need and what is stopping you to pursue a freelance consulting career?. Please share!

Myself, I started freelance consulting 1.5 year ago after being in management consulting 6.5 yrs. I have 0 regrets as wlb is perfect (read: 4 day workweeks, with double the salary), freedom in choosing the client/project, learning new skills (sales!) and just the adventure.

I helped a friend already and now more people start asking for help so Im looking to broaden my perspectives and sharpen my approach based on your feedbacks. Pls share your painpoints/concerns on becoming a freelance consultant in comments or DM me. I’ll try to answer your questions to my best knowledge!
Anyone interviewed internal for Resource Management role and have any advice? On my second round with SM and not sure what to expect. Recruiter and first round interview I heavily over-prepped. TIA!
I’m up for promotion this year and have 87% instead of 90%. Would I not be promoted? GPS (Cyber) analyst -> Consultant
Thursday will be 5 weeks since from my final interview and 2 weeks since i emailed the recruiter where she stated that decisions are still being made. What should i do?
Second year in audit. One of the most stressful things for me since my first year is closing notes on other people’s wp’s. When I prepare a wp, I am familiar with the whole process and am fully in the loop. However, when it comes to closing other people’s notes on someone else’s wp, I feel dumb. Any advice on how to make it less stressful?
With MetLife insurance, how do I find my policy number? Is it on talent on demand?
Title.

My wife and I are in the middle of deciding who’s benefits to take and we are trying to figure out what UHC Basic is or what UHC plan it falls under. 

We have called our doctors to figure out if they take the Basic Plan from UHC and all the offices were confused at what the Basic Plan is. I’ve also called the Benefits Hotline for Deloitte and asked for additional info about this plan and this still didn’t return great results. 

Has anyone gone with this plan in the past or could any provide more specific details about which UHC plan (Choice Plus, PPO, etc.) this Basic Plan falls under?
I recently had an interview for a BTS Analyst position about two weeks ago, and during the interview, I was informed that they would be reaching out with decisions within this timeframe. However, I haven't received any communication yet. I was wondering if there are others out there in a similar situation? 

I understand that these things can sometimes take longer than expected, but I'm starting to get a bit anxious. I'd love to hear your experiences or any advice you might have. Thanks in advance!

Joined EFA practice in September 2023. Straight out of campus and first job. Feels more like a data entry job. I want to work in an investment bank. I am okay with a backend investment banking roles as well. Looking to put my paper this month at Deloitte. I dont want to work in something which is not interesting.
My interest lies on the capital markets domain.
Will there be an impact on my career moving forward because of the short duration I might have spent with Deloitte?
Will there be questions like why did you leave so early or something of this sort?
Hey everyone so just got rejected this afternoon for an Analyst role in GPS. Im a campus hire and on a cyber track and was told i’d be better suited for RFA. Pretty bummed out but was told by the recruiter my resume would be sent to the Advisory recruiters. Has anyone been in this situation and found luck? Just wanna know if there’s an actual shot at getting in. Thank you!!
Hi!

I’ll be starting my internship in summer of 2024 and have some questions. TIA! 

1. Do discovery 1 interns get to go to DU?

2. What do discovery 1 interns do on a day to day basis? Are we practically bopping around from department to department to see which one we would like to go into?

3. How likely is it to get another internship offer after this one ends?

4. How likely is it to get looped into audit?
Role: Solution Specialist

Location: USA

I recently finished a behavioral interview with USDC Deloitte and got a call from my recruiter saying the feedback was good! 🎉 But here's where it gets a bit confusing, and I could use your advice.

She hasn't sent any confirmation by email yet. On the phone, she mentioned that I'm now "in the pipeline" and that they'll reach out for onboarding once a project lines up for me. The offer letter would come then, too. It's a bit different from what I expected, so I have a couple of questions:

1. Is it normal not to get an email confirmation after such a call? Should I follow up for a written confirmation, or is it okay to wait?
2. The term "in the pipeline" sounds promising, but I'm not sure what to expect next. How long does this usually take? Is there anything specific I should be doing in the meantime?
3. Can I rely on what the recruiter said about being in the pipeline and receiving an offer once there's a project? Has anyone had a similar experience with Deloitte or other companies?
4. What steps should I take now? Should I just sit tight and wait, or is there something proactive I should be doing?

I don't want to come off as pushy to the recruiter, but I also want to make sure I'm on the right track. Any insights, especially from those who've walked this path or are familiar with Deloitte's hiring process, would be super helpful!

Thanks in advance for your help! 🙏
Hi everyone, 

Just curious if anyone has insight into the likelihood that campus hires who are supposed to start in January will actually be starting on time? I know there was a push from August 2023 to early 2024, but my original start date was set as January so wondering if there’s a chance of another delay.
Title, any advice is greatly appreciated! 
I have experience in Deloitte in a different country, but am not sure how to best leverage this in the AC
I was lucky enough to get a sophomore internship that basically guarantees a return offer, but I heard that they basically force all the interns to take full time offers in it audit. I honestly don’t want to be stuck doing that so are they any ways I can network my ways into something else from this internship?
Hey! About to attend DU for the first time at 11/10. Any advice for the agenda and what to/not to do?
Hi, I just got a second round interview for a Deloitte SWE internship and was wondering if anyone that went through the process could share some insight on the rest of the process!
I’ve been thinking about finding projects in other offering portfolios in Deloitte. Maybe cybersecurity or something within GPS. I’m currently in a non gps role - internal consulting (non-tech).  If I make that kind of move within deloitte will my pay be based on what they pay the people in the OP I want to move to and will I be eligible for the bonuses offered  in those roles or will it remain the same based on what I came into the company with
Got a random invite from PEP called Business Update with a zoom meeting link. Assuming this is a layoff :/ very surprised as I’ve been utilized and have great snapshots, high praise from managers, client and coach, as well as firm contributions for the year plus earned a shout out reward earlier this year on one of my projects. But also not surprised as I know these are happening and random. I also have been fully utilized since May on one project with my managers planning to bring me back again next year for the same project and was able to find billable work and FIs to stay utilized as much as possible through January to May. Was on the bench a total of a month and a week this year (February - March). I am an Analyst in RFA internal audit/acc and internal controls and have been with the firm 1 year and 3 months. Doing my best to just help out on my current project as much as possible in having my workpapers and current work all up to date to pass off before this meeting today.
I've been looking for a project but unable to find one as of yet. Got a bench escalation email saying that I've been on the bench too long. What does this mean?
I am a second year experienced hired Analyst and didn’t get promoted last year though everything was on target, except for my utilization. This year is the same. I have good snapshot and firm initiative reviews, however my utilization is lower than 75%. Will I get laid off? I have heard that 2 year is max for an Analyst and if they do not get promoted to a Consultant with in that 2 years, they will be fired or laid off. Is this true? Has anyone faced it?
On Friday my utilization rates were around 95-100%, this morning they are down to 10-9%. I've been on a client project (full-time) since Jan 2023. Has this happened to anyone, should I be concerned.
Or appears to be, at least for Wells Fargo. My account now has a pending payroll deposit. Hope everyone else's does too.
Hey guys

I couldn’t find any community for Deloitte Australia and hence r/DeloitteAus was created. It is more focused for our Australian colleagues. Feel free to post your questions in it.
Is it advisable to visit home country while being on bench in USDC?
Fyi - I'm on h1b

Tyi
Hello, I just finished my master degree. I started working in Deloitte (in Spain) in September. I was afraid of not finding a job in internal audit so I thought it could be good to do one year in a big 4 (I’m a junior auditor FSI). My dream is to go live outside Europe. I need some advice because rn it’s really difficult for me but I’m willing to really endure that for one year. After that would it be possible to find a job in internal audit ? Or should I have to stay more ? Idk I’m really struggling and my mental health is decreasing. Thank you in advance
So I work in a mid-sized office in the West Coast. I recently got staffed on my first project after being in trainings for a month. And am I the only one that feels like he is going to get fired?  I feel like I'm messing up so much that everyone on my team hates me. Like it's been 2 weeks, I swear I've been trying and learning but I just don't seem to be getting it. 

   It takes me twice as much time to do a work papers and one of my work paperworks were completely incorrect. I submitted a work paper for review and it got completed abolished by a PPMD with the review notes. 

   Don't get me wrong, my team has been super helpful and nice but I feel like I'm just inconveniencing them. I don't want my first snapshot to be suck and for me not to be staffable for future projects. 

   Like I've been coming in early, leaving late, not doing any extracurricular in the office till i can be good at my job and trying to learn from my peers. I've been getting a bit better everyday but is it too little, too late? 

 Is this normal? Am I over reacting? Or should I actually be worried?
What's the difference between a solution analyst software dev and a solution engineer analyst in term of responsibilities?

I'm currently interviewing for a solution analyst software dev role and I'm hearing from others that it doesn't provide a lot of technical work (depending on project). I'm also seeing people interview for the "solution engineer analyst" role which seems technical. I just want to know what's the difference between these two roles.
Hi, does anyone know if I need to inform my boss before I apply for an internal role. I am in EA Canada and looking to apply for a job in EA Global. Thanks
I can tell I am not a good fit and find it really hard to connect with my team. 

Anyone know if it’s possible to move from Audit to DC? Or RFA?
Has anyone ever gotten sick and couldn’t make it to a training last minute? I’m supposed to fly out tomorrow but have gotten sick. 
I sent an email to the automated box - but not sure what else to do.
Any solution Analyst interview tips for strategy positions what business case to prepare for?
I’m interested in applying to the mobility program to be transferred temporarily to Mexico City. I know my salary would be adjusted to the host country, but I wanted to know if anyone has done this before. I think the minimum requirement for RFA is to be a consultant.  I want to have global experience in my resume, so I thought going to Mexico since I have dual nationality and I’m fully bilingual. Can anyone share some advice on this? Is the  work environment really different? I’m an analyst, and I’m thinking in applying in the future. But I just want to be informed as much as possible to plan accordingly. Any advice is welcome, thank you

I have been offered Analyst Trainee position at Deloitte USI. I wanted to know what work does analyst do and also is it Tech or Non-tech role? Not much details were provided in the JD.
This information would be really helpful for me
Hello! My friend has been offered a role as a senior analyst in finance and seems to be having trouble finding out the benefits. Apparently he was given a call center number and basically told “We don’t give that info out” when trying to figure out the cost and coverage of healthcare. 

Maybe a long shot, but with it being open enrollment does anyone happen to have a PDF or anything that covers the benefits that are offered? He’s concerned about leaving his current company and ending up with worse / more expensive coverage, so any guidance would be super helpful. Thanks so much!

Edit: Since my question seems to be upsetting, I’m not asking for anything private or crazy. Other companies literally publish this stuff publicly. For example, if you work for Chipotle Corporate here is their PDF overview of their benefits, available for the whole world to see, including cost of benefits to the employee. I just found it via Google in 30 seconds:  https://leplb0320.upoint.ap.alight.com/web/chipotle/client-tooling-login/-/ucceDownloader?fileId=141825&ts=1609857766054&languageId=en_US
I applied for this position - how is the interview process like at Deloitte? Is there a behavioral and technical portion and what do you think they look for in a candidate from the screening portion?
I’m currently interviewing for either Associate/Senior associate at Deloitte ME (Dubai). Does anyone have a fair idea of what the salary range is within Financial Advisory (Forensics/Restructuring).

Some people I’ve spoken to say: 
Associate: AED 15-20k per month 
Senior Associate: AED 20k+ per month

I just don’t wanna be caught off guard when they ask for my salary expectations. 

Any insights? Thanks in advance
First real job after graduating, first time being really excited to embark into a new chapter in my life. I recently joined D and is currently on 2 projects. Everyone (referring those who are below manager) look like depressed/unhappy and didnt understand why  until now ....2 days ago, i got a call annoucing the death of someone close to me.. Clearly not in the mood to work but try my best to complete my tasks since i got the news (employee of deloitte but still a human you know)...  So, yesterday, i learned by one of my peers that one of the manager spoke behind my back (he didnt like the work I sent to him)... i let this coworker knows what happens lately in my life and basically she indirectly told me to try manage myself because work is work (client is the king and need to deliver things on time you know.. ). Being very affected by all of this, i ask the manager if we could have like a quick call and he pretty much declined. Here comes my questions: How come a whimp becomes a manager? Why did he not have the courage to tell on my face those feedback? Okay, overworking is a MUST here but i thought that D is fostering our human side such as having empathy for someone who is living a grief. What the actual fuck is wrong with D? By saying all of this, who should i reach out? Should i talk to my partner? My coach? Or is it uselss because D is such a bullshit corporate firm?

P.S: Never treat people like shit. You never know what could happen in your life... Oh and i am from montreal. Is anyone have a similar experience?
Please keep discussion in the threads civil, and use the existing threads. We don't need another dozen about the same issue many of us are having, and the whole nation is aware of. 

Thank you.
Hey guys I randomly got cold called at noon today asking if I can interview at Deloitte. For context I submitted an application 2 months ago. I’m aiming for an audit role for busy season 2025 and I’m wondering how much they would pay me. For context Plante Moran pays me $31/hr+OT+$2000 bonus for this upcoming busy season. 

What should I expect with pay and should I negotiate for $35-40 per hour? 

Thanks in advance
Am I able to book a hotel using the codes on this  website for personal travel? I found the leisure travel discounts on DNET once but I can’t find it anymore, or am I supposed to go to the perks at work website? These codes give a good discount but idk if I can use for non business trips.
I'm currently waiting for a background check to be complete for another job offer, and am looking at submitting my resignation as soon as it's done sometime next week. 

I was already planning on taking the full week of Thanksgiving off. **Does anyone have any experinece or guidance on PTO once a two or three week notice has been submitted? Any thoughts or suggestions appreciated!**
I recently joined a new project this past Monday. I am GPS PDM so my employment is tied to a project. When I met with this new project management, they informed me it would have no travel and would be primary virtual. My last project was nearly 100% travel, so I was looking for something with little to none. 

Anyway I started this week and they informed me that my position is changing to hybrid and I will need to travel to the office every 2 weeks. The problem is I live on the west coast and the office is on the east. I already informed my manager that I can’t do this, but he stated that it’s a new requirement for my position. 

I know I won’t last long doing this routine, so I’m wondering if it’s even worth it to continue. I took this project as a desperation to prevent being laid off, but this is just too much. Any advice on this situation? How bad is rolling off/leaving after 2 weeks?
For round 2 interviews, they said there will be two 30 min interviews. One will be behavioral interview and the other will be technical. Can anyone provide any insights or tips on what the technical interview will be like? Will they ask me to do any coding?

Thanks!
I applied and did the HireVue virtual interview for the Deloitte Global People Solutions internship a few weeks ago. I’m wondering if anyone has applied for the same internship and has heard anything back?

I have three specific examples where Uncle D’s HR department has shown piss poor execution.  These are all inexcusable mistakes. 

1) Today’s mass payroll issue.  This is something that hasn’t impacted me, but it appears to be widespread.  How can HR mess up a payroll run?

2) Medicare Tax - the employee share of US Medicare Tax is a flat 1.45% (unless you earn a high salary, where there is a surcharge of I believed 0.9%).  Yet my Medicare Tax never seems to stay the same.  My Tax amount increased by $100 this paycheck.  Why?  Flat tax rates are usually easy to calculate, except for D’s HR department.

3) Health Benefit Payments - in 2022, HR forgot to withhold my Health Insurance coverage from my one paycheck.  I had to pay for it in a subsequent payroll run.  What I don’t understand is how could it be missing from one.  Once payroll deductions for benefits are configured at the beginning of the calendar year, they should only change if there is a qualified status change.  Yet D’s HR department cannot get it right.

I am sure there are other issues I haven’t remembered.  But just these three should be enough to fire all of HR leadership.
Some background: I’m a US commercial campus hire of ‘23 to be a BTS analyst with a start date of January’24.

Ive been fortunate enough to be in a position since graduating in May to be able to take some time off working. But, I want to jump back into working and to build my work experience. I’ve been scrolling through this forum and it seems like Deloittes in pretty bad shape right now. I’m very anxious and worried that my start date is going to get pushed back further especially with these conditions. 

What are the chances my start dates going to get pushed back further? Should I even bank on Deloitte ever pulling through?
We are aware payroll was not deposited in accounts for some employees.  We believe the issue is not limited to Deloitte and are working to resolve the issue.  Your patience as we work through this matter is appreciated.  Further updates with appear on DeloitteNet.
Since No DD today, guess we about to see what this corporate card do. 😭
Any one else on here who didn’t get their pay check this morning?
It’s my last day with the firm (resigned) and I woke up to find no paycheck and PTO payout. Initially I thought payroll screwed up because I’m leaving but it sounds like it’s a firm wide issue! Thanks for the nice parting gift Uncle D 💀


Does anyone else feel like this went completely backwards. $1000 a year isn’t even that much money. Now we’re being forced to come into the office AND have to pay for parking/train passes ourselves, it just feels like we took a step back. 

I heard some of the females exclaim that they can’t even afford to park in the garage that’s in our building anymore and now have to walk 5 blocks to the nearest garage. Does anyone care about safety??
What are some valid reasons i can mention to get rolled off a project?? I knoww i knoww about all the project scarcity and stuffs, but i have given up a great deal of my mental health for the project. The people here are real rude they broke my confidence in the very beginning. Theres sooo much micromanagement from the lead and manager. And then the threatenings to set up a call with director to let know how things aren't working with me here. I was high performer and a real promotion candidate in my previous project even though it wasnt my milestone. Here its totally different they expect me to know stuffs that werent informed hell ive never worked on this before. Everyday morning i get soo stressed thinking about joining the work assignment call, starting the day getting yelled at. They ask me why im not asking them questions, yet whenever i ask they start by ridiculing and yelling how i do not know that. Im not happy, i asked around, the team is not happy, everybody wants to leave but they say its not possible, that there no way out. I want to work on a total different technology, what im on right now doesnt interest me. Good take they pushed me to start therapy.

Help me get off this hell before i lose myself.
For context this is for the entry level Business Analyst position
I joined DUSI as an Analyst last month in Gurgaon.  Currently, I am in hyd for nho and bootcamp. I wanted to know whether transport to and from the airport is reimburseable under hybrid reimbursement or it comes under some other expense category? 
Last date to submit the receipts is 4th Nov.
Has anyone who was based in US made the move or planning to move to Europe? 

Is it possible to move there while remaining with Deloitte?  My wife and I have been seriously considering moving there. Her company and role would allow her to easily transition there and keep her job. I know Deloitte is far more complex with laws and regulations. If anyone has advice or experience with this, I would appreciate any info you can offer.
Hey all! 

This winter, I will be doing an audit internship with Deloitte and I am super excited! I hope to be offered another internship for next school year or next summer or potentially a full-time offer for when i graduate. However, I was offered a finance internship with New York Life for the summer and i dont know if i should take it. i feel like it would be a good way to get a glimpse into finance/accounting at a private company and it seems like they take you on to many different levels of their operations and teach you things even a little about actuarial science. UGH idk I'm not that excited about it and i want to keep my doors open for deloitte or even something more exciting that comes along. What should i doooo. Help! also if anyone has done a leadership internship at nyl lmk!
Today I received this deferral email. Is there any chance to negotiate the start date? I don’t want to be deferred. I graduate in Jan 2023. I have waited for one year.
Hey everyone.

As the title says, help me understand the benefits of this program. I know it's wholly voluntary. 
Also, I did read about it in ToD, still I want to know if anyone has avail it and how was the experience?

What support can I get? How can I avail it? Is it for local hospitals?

I want to know, if I can get a face to face health checkup for my parents and other health benefits.
That explains where my job went.  
 [(1) Deloitte pays $1.59 million to CPA Ontario for breaching code of conduct | Globalnews.ca](https://globalnews.ca/news/10061662/deloitte-cpa-ontario-fines/?fbclid=IwAR1yhvHUYZJRF4ZYSBu8lmiIPxYGKorh3Rvmrdntn5HElKC_Av0RZAf4QdA) 
USI Analyst..joined in june was in a project (full fledged), then another short project (90 billable hours) should i be worried? Asked around many people who joined around the same time, told me they weren’t in a project but are doing bd work, i was doing bd too but nothing since two weeks, no calls nothing (except a few times)
Had a talk with my manager he told me i was doing good talked about staffing me in upcoming projects ( was descriptive about them) so i know i’m in but this period of no work is worrying the hell out of me.
Any tips? Or recommendations?
Recently hired as a GPS Solutions Engineering Analyst @ the Austin office and will start June 2024. Does deloitte offer any corporate housing ? and any tips on moving to austin and working at Deloitte ?
Hi all,

Am a new analyst in RFA Cyber. Been working mainly with repetitive manual tasks in Excel, making PPTs etc. Projects I've been on have involved designing access roles for ERP systems, etc. I have enjoyed my time so far, am fine with Excel, PPT etc. but am hoping for more technical skill development.

My career goal is to become a Security Engineer, which can involve very different responsibilities at different companies, but in general I'd like to gain more technical skills at Deloitte if possible, especially since I come from a computer science/software development background. Is anyone aware of any opportunities in Cyber involving more technical work like DevOps or DevSecOps, cloud architecture, static or dynamic code analysis, scripting (with Bash, Python, etc.), system administration (e.g. Linux or Windows troubleshooting); penetration testing, offensive security, threat modeling encryption; among other 'technical' areas?

Are there certain offering portfolios within Cyber where there's more 'technical' work as I mentioned? I'm new to the firm, don't have a good network, which I'm looking to build, and am not clear on what work different offerings in Cyber do, since I'm only familiar with my own.

Thanks for any insight.
I am currently a staff accountant with 3 years of experience looking to switch jobs because I need someone to sign off on my CPA hours (recently passed the exams). I got offered a job at Deloitte NYC as a tax consultant II for $90k. Is that what they pay or am I being low balled?

Btw it’s hybrid so I’ll be in the office 3x per week.
I want to target SC by PY25 and expressed my desire to accept new responsibilities to project leadership and ask what I can do to get there.

Currently C since this year, am at E for both client impact & FC.

Since I need at least 6 months operating at this level, I have to make a decision by spring where I leave or stay with this project.

Should I leave my project and find support elsewhere to get more responsibilities? Or would that take even longer to reach SC from scratch?

Hi everyone, I saw a similar post like this but as someone applying through campus recruitment I was waitlisted. Does anybody have more insight into the time frame in hearing back regarding the waitlist or the chances to actually get off of the waitlist ? If I don’t make it off the waitlist will it be possible to still work for Deloitte in the future? Thanks :)
Pretty much title. I am a retiring service member with 0 background in AI but I have a heavy background in cyber security, VIP travel support, and executive work. Along with certs.

My Deloitte recruiter is real cool and is going to do a mock interview with me the day before. I wanted to ask Reddit if they could provide any tips and tricks at all?

Also if anyone is in that job. How do you like it? It sounds intriguing to me.
Can I claim reimbursement if my cab was booked by a family member and the receipt displays her/his name instead of mine?
hi! I need your help. As you know, I was laid off from Deloitte in September and it took me a month to land another job. it was my first day at a new job I said yes to a few weeks ago. Then I got an offer from another company today. I have a few dilemmas: 

Current job - in Stamford, CT but I live in the Bronx $90k 

Other job offered - in Manhattan $95k 

However my current job is in a new industry (gas and energy) and I’m really excited to learn about this industry since I’ve never worked in it before

The other job is in the financial services industry which I have a lot of experience in. I’m honestly looking for something new and challenging. I’m so conflicted, the other job would be an easy commute, no other state taxes besides NY. The current job would take CT state tax and NY city tax but no state tax of course. 

Can someone please give me advice on how to proceed?
For the campus hires that were delayed from Summer 2023 to early 2024, what are the chances of a second delay impacting start dates? We have been told a million times that Deloitte is unlikely to rescind offers, but if project pipeline does not improve would you expect to see campus hires shifted further back into 2024?

I ask because I am an MBA hire, and I moved to be near the NYC office in July 2023, only to find out that my hire date was being delayed by five months. I am married with two kids, and my husband was laid off today so we are nervous that Deloitte may tell us in mid- or late-December that my January start date is not happening. We have nearly exhausted our savings, and I am considering finding a replacement job for Deloitte in case we get further delayed.

I am a US Commercial consulting hire.
Any insight on Deloitte’s SAP Practice in the US? I’m in the process of interviewing and was wondering how the staffing and bench are looking? Are there SAP projects in the pipeline or do you think it is a risky time in terms of layoffs to join? Appreciate any help and info!
Hi Everyone, 

I recently received an offer to become a Software Engineering Analyst as a Campus Hire in the San Francisco Office. I am super excited but I wanted to hear about the experiences other people have had in this particular role. 

How has the work life balance been, what are some of the benefits you have taken most advantage of, what are some of the worst parts of this been. Also potentially how easy or difficult might it be to transfer into a proper Software Engineer role somewhere else? And do I have any possibility of negotiating my offer up as a new-grad? I would also just love to hear about all of your experiences in the role.
Does anyone know if Deloitte is participating in the Soccerex conference in Miami?
Any advice on subletting for a summer internship??
Is there any group in Deloitte USI that you can join to get firm initiatives ?

What are the best ways to get FI ?

Does impact day volunteering count towards FI ?
Hi, I am a new hire and found out that Deloitte allows you to spend $500 to set up a home office.  Can I wait to use this allowance or will it go away within a certain time frame?  I am in a pretty small apartment and would want to wait until I have a bigger desk/office space one day to get a large monitor.  I was also wondering are you allowed to get a nicer monitor as long as the total price is under $500?
I graduated December 2021 with a bachelors in business information systems. I didn’t really know  better so in June ‘22, I took on an IT Support Specialist job (basically a mix of jr. sysadmin and technical support) and did that for a year plus until I got laid off 3 weeks ago. I did it because I needed a job quick and I figured hands on IT experience would look good on my resume.

So I’m now unemployed and looking for a new job and it appears that the entry level business tech/business tech solutions analyst roles are geared towards college seniors graduating next year or recent grads. 

Given I graduated almost two years ago and I have one year of technical experience, will I be able to get one of these entry level jobs? At this point after so many fruitless applications, it seems like this is the only way I will be able to get the analyst experience I really need. I hope I’m not stuck. 

Appreciate any insights.
I was a campus recruit for BTS 2024, was wondering what all this entailed
I’ll be going on 4 weeks of PTO in a couple weeks. I’ve gotten all necessary approval to take the time off, just wondering what I should do before leaving? I’ll be out of the country w/o access to my laptop or email while I’m gone, so I’m planning on submitting all the necessary timesheets and confirming my STAFFIT. Is there anything else you suggest I do before leaving? 

Thanks in advance!
I got an offer for the RFA discovery internship. However, whenever I press on the link to view my offer letter it says “an error has occurred while running integration “ I tried on multiple devices and it is still the same message. Should i email my recruiter or is there a help line i can call?
Are they really not renewing it?
Same as above, later HR tells me that your utilization is low and hence, we are placing you in an IAP (read PIP or Probation). The IAP was to be for 2 months, my coach fell sick and took a leave of 1 month, and guess what, the firm couldn't find an alternative coach, hence my IAP was extended for another month. Excuse after excuse kept coming just to increase the duration of the IAP. After 5 months, today, my IAP was successfully completed. I am still stuck in this shithole. 
Btw, this is USI.
I was expecting it as I’ve been on the bench for two months and had a 49% util but it still stings. I was a campus hire and been here for over a year now.  All my performance reviews were around very strong and I tried my very hardest to get on a project. The last four projects I was supposed to be on either fell through or the start date got pushed back. Trying not to take it personally but it definitely feels like a personal failure. If anyone whose been laid off and is still lurking this sub would like to share some positive success stories it would be much appreciated. Adios Uncle D
Does utilization rate matter for audit? I’ve been told it doesn’t and mostly just important for consulting by my senior but just curious.
Does anyone know a way to access dnet and talent on demand from your work phone? Every time I try logging in it says “A silent sign-in request was sent but no user is signed in” and prevents me from accessing the sites.
Anyone still waiting to hear back about a BTS analyst campus interview? I saw a few people on here recently got offers so I’m thinking I didn’t get it. Would like to find out soon one way or the other though. I had my final interview on 9/29. I followed up a couple weeks ago and they said they hoped to send out updates in the next few days but never heard back after that.
Hi, I know I’m a bit late but I just applied to Deloitte for this upcoming winter. Do you think it’s too late or will I have a chance to have an internship this winter. I have excellent grades and prior experience in accounting. I was waiting to hear back from grad school which caused this delay in me applying. Thanks
What are your thoughts on daily stand-ups? I consider them an extraordinary waste of time. They make sense in an agile or iterative project, but in the non-technical space, the daily status calls turn into an hour long project meeting.
Such a joke. I was passed over on a promotion at year end last year and told that I would be positioned for one mid-year this year. 

Now the COO of Consulting says they are suspending all mid-year promotions due to "market conditions".

Honestly if I wasn't already done with Deloitte before, I definitely am now. Can't wait to be heading back to school.
BLUF

* Deloitte GPS is a joke.
* Deloitte is a leader in auditing, tax, and commercial consulting.
* Deloitte is not the technology firm its pretending/trying to be.
* Deloitte is not a leader in government like its pretending to be.

After 4 years at the firm, and hating my life this what I've realized:

Deloitte pretends to be confident in its ability to secure government client work, thanks to its strong reputation in auditing, finance, and commercial consulting. However, the situation is different in government consulting, where Deloitte is relatively new to the field. Despite this, Deloitte consistently submits the highest bids in response to government proposals. This approach raises questions, especially when you consider that firms like Booz Allen, SAIC, and PwC have specialized in government technology and modernization for over five decades, while Deloitte lacks this extensive experience.

The consequence of our consistently high bids is that we frequently lose out on government contracts.  I've been bid key on 10+ different contracts we lost them all. Here is the issue, like many firms, we currently have a substantial number of individuals with tech-focused backgrounds either sitting on the bench or working on unrelated contracts that primarily involve creating PowerPoint presentations. This situation is far from optimal. It's concerning to note that many of my colleagues possess limited government consulting experience, and it seems that Deloitte's go-to suggestion for projects is to "make a PowerPoint deck." This approach does not align with the preferences of government clients, who generally favor tangible, real-life solutions over presentation materials.

As a real engineer (not a fake consultant engineer), I've repeatedly been informed that Deloitte struggles to find a suitable role for me. This predicament is a result of Deloitte's attempt to extend its expertise into technology, despite not being inherently a technology-focused firm.

Maybe I am also just being a dick.

EDIT: I saw on another post this great quote - “consulting” meaning throw bodies on a project that a client paid us for. no experience necessary!"
Hey all! I'm a PDM with less than a year at Deloitte, and am about to be terminated because I can't find a project. Will Deloitte give me a severance since it's no fault of my own? I asked my RM a few weeks ago and they initially said no. But that would be pretty shitty. If I take the severance (if they offer), what are the terms of the severance?
I will complete my MBA (from lower tier 1 college) in next few months and will be joining Deloitte USI in business valuation role next year. I have cleared cfa level 2 and have a experience of 3 years but in completely different baground.

I am concerned whether this role is too technical or monotonous. What different opportunities can we get from here and which exit opportunities are available here to ib/pe and portfolio management roles.
Just learnt that if u are unassigned you are more likely to b unassigned because they judge your peformance by how long unassigned you were. Bt if you are good performer everyone will keep taking you for their busy filing time as they see your schedule available.. that means no time to breathe.. back to back madness.. 
better to be low performer and sit back and chill until there is a big lay off move
Just a rant- Anyone else in my shoes.
I am hating my job! Currently working for a EGC , such tight budget and so much work.. if deloitte is facing loss why do they take such clients, if its an investment then be okay with the loss.. manager is micromanaging each minute of task done, client is pushing for deadline, so much work left.. very less resource.. lot of poeple are unassigned but they want to pressure the small team as adding more person means increasing overage…. Making 1 person do 2 people task and charging 16 hours.. rather than making one person life hell should have two person charging 8 hours each.. i do not know why they like to create so much pressure and making life hell
Long story short this year has been very tough with family problems (taking personal leave) being on the bench because couldn’t find anything. So my utilization is in the 50s. I’m a constant. But I got on a project that’s full utilization but not sure how much that’ll help with the year almost ending. I’m worried when it comes to my impact/ review I won’t have much to show for / utilization will show very low. I do enjoy working at Deloitte but I’m scared to get fired so I was planning on applying to other companies like EY and maybe work there for a little and try to come back to Deloitte. Did this every happen to anyone?

A recruiter reached out about a position with a company that is a client in my office. I do not serve this client directly but a partner whom I work with in other projects is the lead partner in this client. Do I need to inform them I’m thinking of applying for this job?
I had a hard time on an engagement this past winter, April 2023. I was rolled off and got onto a new engagment. The partner didn’t complete my snapshot and it expired. The partner happened to be my coach as well. I was reassigned to a new coach ( she is a senior partner and runs the out group) and got onto another large engagment. 

I wanted to know what will happen? Does this just get swept under the rug? Do I still get a raise but a small one? Do I still get an aip? I’m a senior manager in tax.
Anyone feel like a “jack of all trades and master of none” as a consultant? Are you pulled in so many directions, making it difficult to focus? This has been my experience as a USDC consultant for less than a couple of years. Is this how all Deloitte projects operate? I’ve only been on a couple and it’s not getting easier.
So in my country when you turn 18 you have to participate in a lottery where you may or may not have to do the military service, I was selected and I didn't want to so I didn't participated. I thought that I could do it when I were more stable, since I am always moving and doing some shit. The military service consists of going to a military base during saturdays from 7 a.m. to 2 p.m. to be trained. I am worried about my PTU and how will this affect me during busy season. In my area there are just 6 weeks of busy season, but still it is expected of me to be working full time on weekend during that time.  How will you handle this? any advice?
On of my coachee was given standard 4 weeks project roll off notice as the contract was getting over.
He had nonperformance issues too.
He got an email from talent.. find a project by 11/14 or your employment will be terminated on 11/17.

Things have changed or was it always like this for PDM?
Hi all,

I referred a consultant successfully, but seems I will resign before her 6 month probation period ends. Do I still have a chance to get the bonus? I read the referral program rules in details, and nowhere states that I need to stay employed, was thinking to send an email asking for my bonus after the probation period ends.

Anyone has experience?
Can i go to a gun range and shoot with the wellbeing subsidy or is that against the rules? Also can i buy an iPad with it?
Currently I am tagged to Gilbert USDC and working here for 1 year 18 months but my project working hours jn EST time zone. I asked my Sr Manager whose is handling the project portfolio for relocation to east coast( probably lake Mary, Philadelphia or Boston) 
for any DC. He replied he will approve and get all other approvals also but he can’t provide relocation bonus/compensation, is there any other way to get transferred
Title is question but is it possible to move from Audit (not ara - im on the data analytics side) to Consulting (with M&A/Restructuring or Technology Implementation) or FRA in financial services?

Joined but am realizing that I’m severely limiting my abilities on my current side of the house. 

Background
MiF 
Ex-FinTech
Ex-startup

I'm looking at the SHINE Marketing Program, and was just wondering if anyone had any idea about what the exit opportunities tend to look like. It seems like most people stick around for 3 years to work as a specialist and then leave, but I'm not sure how well the program sets you up to be competitive for positions with large companies where brand/product marketing is more front office
I had an internship with them during the summer and was offered a full time position. Within the offer letter for me and everyone else, they did not include the benefits. I start in 2024. Is it weird that we were not told of any benefits at all?
Hey, I’m a new Analyst (US Consulting). Last week my RM staffed me on a project outside my practice area and doing what I’m not interested in which officially starts on Monday. Towards the end of the week I had an SM in my area who wants to staff me. Is there a way to navigate this as I have not officially started or am I stuck on the project that I don’t want?
Hello everyone, 
I am currently torn between 2 internship offers. First is PwC’s Cloud and Digital consulting in the Workday practice and Deloitte’s GPS Business Technology Internship. I am super grateful to be in this position but I’m struggling to make a decision. I hope to work in strategy consulting one day and I am curious if either of these paths will have a higher impact on my experience. Thank you in advance for any of your advice or comments!

As stated, wondering if I can request a snapshot from somebody at a lower (or equal) level? My work involves helping guide/task/mentor an analyst(s). But I’m a C so don’t get looped. How can I make sure their feedback is reported? Can I SNAPshot request them with time worked on contract?
Some days ago I posted about me being in a PIP. And I am searching for jobs currently. But I have just gone through another experience and I would like some insights on it 

I was staffed in this Private Audit engagement for 3 weeks and I did work in good amount of things. Then in my last day in the engagement, I got into a call with the manager and the senior about what all I have completed and what all are remaining and they saw a lot of the tasks allocated to me and other A1s and A2s were left to do.

They call me back in an hour and tell me that I should work on these documents no matter what in the next one month. FYI, I am getting into a whole different engagement coming month and they are aware of it. They told me after working for that engagement from 9 to 5, I should work in their engagement documents and bill it to a PRD code. 

What should I do in this case?
Hi all, I am approved for an internal transfer and I am interviewing with recruiter for a Lead RM specialist next week. Has anyone interviewed for a similar role internally? Any interview tips/insights? TIA!!!
Hi everyone, does it show the process complete after the final interview on the application status, before an offer is sent out?
 What's up, everybody? Seeking some insight from the community regarding my current situation. I am part of the the recent campus/MBA hire community. I was originally scheduled to start in the October/November timeframe, and then had my start date pushed back again until February 2024. Fortunately, Deloitte offered us a stipend that they probably calculated would cover people's rent for the deferral period. With the recent layoffs this week at Deloitte and Slalom, and an alleged hiring freeze at BCG, and no scheduled MBA recruiting at Deloitte for this upcoming cycle, is the writing on the wall that all of us with delayed start dates will have our job offers rescinded?, I was excited to start at the firm, but, now, I am skeptical I will be able to join the firm. Honestly, given the current economic conditions, I could see rescinding these offers as necessary, even if doing so hurts the firm's reputation and campus relations in the long run. Any insight would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for all the help, and good luck out there! 
Rant: Does anyone else find themselves inadvertently entering Mondays time in Sunday block when using the time app on iOS? Or is it just me? 

Compliance is taking a hit due to the awful UI.…and I suppose my own inability to change my habitual method of entry.
So our PPmD brought in his right hand man.   This man’s job is to streamline the contract ..well because we are not doing it right.   All this guy does is send out emails like,”great job team.  Thanks for the collaboration “.  
Has not bothered to learn anything we manage. Anything we do.  Just sends out dumb emails.  How do I get this job?

I recently got selected for the role of Analyst Trainee at Deloitte USI and after completing my training I will be added into Identity and Access Management (IAM). I was wondering if anyone with experience in IAM or a similar field can provide information related to IAM. What is the level of coding expected in this field and which coding language is more preferred in this field. Also what was your experience with the training provide by them
Hello

I have a friend who is looking for a referral at Deloitte. He has 10+ yrs experience in QA technologies. His current company has sent a termination to him. So he is proactively looking

If anyone can help me here would be awesome!
Hi everyone,

Does anyone know if Deloitte is planning to open graduate applications for Monitor in London this year? It doesn’t seem that Deloitte is advertising any grad roles in London at the moment?

Any help would be appreciated
I use this periodically when I’m away from my computer but want to appear as active. Does the firm track this
If each of these connections are at different companies.
I'd written out draft emails that I'm planning to send out to recruiters and connections I've met in person to consulting companies. 

I'd greatly appreciate the help.
Does anyone know the timeline of requesting parental leave at Deloitte and how far in advance that needs to be done? Let's say someone has a baby due in June - how far in advance should someone let their leadership know about the pregnancy and needed leave? With all the layoffs around us and more sure to come, it's a concern that's growing larger in my mind.

If you're approved for parental leave can you still be laid off during that time or leading up to "approved" parental leave? 
It's been a month since I got laid off. I haven't found a job yet. For those who were impacted where did you find your jobs?

Analyst 2 YOE.
Does anyone know whom to reach out for issues with an ATT order? I called up their customer care and they ask for a pin which I don’t have.

With T-Mobile , the PIN was the personnel number. I will call up 1800-Deloitte however I have rarely received any help from them.
Does Deloitte India send out rejection emails to candidates ? I gave my final interview 1.5 months ago and upon multiple chasers to HR, I was being told that the position is put on hold and that they’d update me once it resumes. Only recently I got to know 2 people were hired yet I haven’t had any rejection email/further update. What to do?
Very recently joined Deloitte gps in IAM field, specialized in SailPoint.Since then I am on bench.Any iam folks in Deloitte on bench?
I am currently in healthcare (nurse) and have used Epic almost exclusively for about 10 years. I am looking to get out of nursing and am wondering how my experience would translate to this field? Thanks!
I currently work at KPMG and have received an offer from Deloitte with a $25,000 salary increase (client facing. I’m internal now). I'm in the process of trying to conceive. I would appreciate advice on whether to stay in my current position and utilize my maternity leave or start at a new firm and wait.
I applied to an A&A internship position. It was one hirevue round and then a final interview round. I interviewed last Friday, it is now the thursday after. When should I hear back? only specification I heard was "soon after" the final interview. So nervous! Does this mean I didn't get it, I see posts are saying they hear back in a couple days. 
Hey all, I’m an incoming campus hire starting in January (my start date was deferred but that’s not important) and I am curious about how navigating Deloitte works. I am starting in RFA A&IC but I would actually like to be on the consulting side as I feel it could be a better fit with my skills/interests. So how realistic/difficult would it be to transition from RFA to Consulting in about 2 years after I start? I understand it’s not easy and I’ll have to put in some work, but I’m just curious on what work I need to do to make it happen.

I interned last summer and made a few solid connections with managers/senior managers and 2 partners on the RFA side (who are also in the industry I want to be in) and had some coffee chats with a handful of people from consulting. I understand it helps to know people in consulting before switching so I’ve already made some headway there. 

I am absolutely sure I won’t want my career to be based on audits. I majored in information technology with a concentration in cybersecurity - so I would like to be in a role closer to that. I have some solid data visualization and python programming experience from other internships as well. 

Any advice will be greatly appreciated!
Intrigued about the USDC Solutions Analyst position with GPS and I'm eager to learn more about the role and the interview process. Has anyone here worked in this position or have insights into what the day-to-day responsibilities entail?

Also, if you've been through the interview process for the "Solutions Analyst" role, I'd greatly appreciate any advice on how to prepare effectively. What kind of questions should I anticipate? Any particular areas or skills I should focus on during my preparation?

Additionally, I'm looking for tips on what I should emphasize on my resume to stand out for this role. Are there specific experiences or skills that USDC Solutions Analysts at GPS typically value?

Any help or advice you can provide would be immensely appreciated. Thanks in advance!
Hi all, I'm an Analytic Consultant in the federal consulting sector at a small/mid cap firm with 2 years experience consulting and 6 overall. I've been approached by deloitte recruiters with an offer for a decent raise (about 15-20%).

My firm, like many others had been affected by the rate hikes and was unable to provide the yearly performance increases we were used to during the good times, but still gave something

I'm seeing a lot of stuff on here about layoffs, frozen rate increases, bonuses, etc. 

What's going on?
Hey! Just got called in for a Deloitte interview and I’m trying my best to understand what metric expectations there are for staff- 

Eg: billable hours, utilization, etc and can’t find a succinct summary of this anywhere. 

Could someone just let me know what is generally expected of employees in terms of KPIs/metrics?

Yes, I know it will depend on position, but please share nuances as well.
Basically what the title says. I have many friends in other consulting firms and the baseline is that December increases are mostly cancelled or postponed. So where is the catch? Something brewing? We collectively had 1:1 with management and they say it’s caused by “war”. Sounds bullshit to me. What do you think?
Hello everyone, firstly thank you for reading my post. I just recieved my offer for the BTS consulting analyst in commercial today and can’t help but start to think about things to keep in mind in the coming months and as I start work. Is there any advice you wish you knew coming in or advice you would give to a new hire in consulting? Anything is appreciated!
Deloitte USI folks, I'm in Consulting and want to move to Enabling areas. Can I get some pros and cons on here if I do shift to Enabling areas? I'd appreciate it if I understood what the pay is like, benefits, disadvantages, work perhaps being more hectic than Consulting etc.


Note: A lot of people say they want their shift to be vice versa mostly because of the pay but no tells me how bad the pay is. I understand that Consulting is growing and we're the ones making the money but I have no interest in the work here
Just got an offer of taxation from Deloitte in San Francisco. Right now, I'm trying to decide between choosing the BTS group or the International tax group. I'm looking to build a strong foundation in tax to broaden my future opportunities. I've heard that BTS involves a lot of workpapers, similar to auditing. I'm not sure if the International group follows a similar pattern. Additionally, I have a strong interest in provisions and planning. Which group deals with these areas more extensively? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
Has anyone who applied for a new grad 2024 opportunity at Deloitte been invited to interview? I applied as well and I know there is a possibility I didn’t qualify since I haven’t been reached out to by now, but since I didn’t receive the “unfortunately” email, I can’t help but panic and hold my breath in hope while checking my email every two hours. I just want to know if I should stop freaking out if people have already been interviewed.
So I posted this in r/techsupport as well, but wondering if it’s a Deloitte issue or if any of you smart folks might have a clue…

I have dual monitors set up with a dock station to hook up to my work laptop. It works fine on my personal laptop, but the screens are black for my Deloitte HP Probook - it’s not registering. I called 1800DELOITTE and was able to at least update some hardware so that a direct HDMI cable to the one monitor would work, but I still can’t get the dock to work for dual monitors. 

If it’s at all helpful, the dock is a Targus (model Dock190) and the monitors are Lenovo ThinkVision (Model 13268QP1).

Thanks!!
Anyone working for Deloitte or their spouse trade futures market (ES/ NQ, MES/MNQ) or forex markets? 

Trying to research any possible brokers/ trading platforms for each given all the BDIP and T&T restrictions.

Any insight is highly appreciated.
Looking specifically for Deloitte GPS answers.
I'm just starting this week. I was told I was going to be doing consulting originally, they changed my department they said because of client stuff, and had me wait from July till now to start. Fine, business is fickle. So I start this week, and as I go along, it becomes more clear they are wanting me to be a programmer. I'm in the US by the way at a USDC. I've had a couple of conversations, and explained I would be a horrible programmer, while I know a "couple"of things, I don't know much. I went to school for 6 years, got a master's in information technology, mainly in management and project management, with a sprinkling of technical training in there. I've been assured that when I start getting offered projects in the delivery pool next week that I just next to emphasize my skill set and eventually sometime will pick me on their team, and as time goes on I'll get to do training that actually correlates to my skill set. But this week I'm doing programming training and taking years that probably are making me look like a dummy. Anytime else feel so lost when they first start like they don't belong in the spot they've assigned you to work? I would hate to think anyone would be depending on me to program anything at all for them. I made a 1996 website of my resume is about as far as I can get in this stuff. Also, specifically said I wanted nothing to do with SQL, 3 days of this week are SQL training. Wtf.
I have a friend who is looking for a referral at Deloitte. He has 10+ yrs experience in QA technologies. His current company has sent a termination to him. So he is proactively looking

If anyone can help me here would be awesome!
How common is it, if at all, for projects to be cancelled before completion? (US Consulting)
Hi everyone!

I was wondering if current Software Engineering Analysts could share a little bit about what a typical project or case study looks like. I'm currently trying to prep for my technical interview, and I find the case study practice problems on Deloitte's website don't have any coding involved.

Also, any advice for this interview and how to prepare would be greatly appreciated! Really excited about this opportunity. 
Hi everyone - I’m curious about what the process is if you are put on a PIP? Who is involved in the conversation, what does the outlook invite read, etc. Any info is appreciated. This is for Consulting US/USDC
I have a PPMD 30 minute interview coming up soon. I already had one with a senior manager, but I was wondering how many more interviews are there for this position and how long until i know a decision. Also what should I expect for the PPMD interview?
I had an interview for a solutions analyst - software developer entry level position with Deloitte today. I went through their interview preparation call yesterday and thought I was going to be asked situational/slightly technical questions. I had prepared for the questions my recruiter told me I’d be most likely asked and felt prepared. I showed up early, and ready to take notes and answer questions regarding my resume/experiences. 

When the interviewer joined, he seemed to be in a bad mood and like he didn’t want to be there. He asked me to tell him about myself, and of course, I briefly summarized what was on my resume. After doing so, he immediately went to asking me questions about software development, object oriented programming, machine learning, and etc. I referenced that I work as a fairly new salesforce developer right now which is slightly different from majority of the things he’s asking. I included this on my resume and explained multiple times how I relate these things to what I specialize in currently(salesforce). He then proceeded to ask about automation and etc. Every time he’d ask a question, he would slightly roll his eyes after I answered. Some of the questions I knew and had learned before, but hadn’t realized that’s what he was referring to because he was using textbook umbrella terms/abbreviations rather than specifics and not elaborating. At the end, I asked him 5 questions I had regarding the position and lastly asked if he had any questions about me or maybe anything he had seen on my resume and he said “I got all the answers I needed from my questions”. I said thank you and it was nice meeting you, and got the response “thank you too, good luck.”.

During the interview, he also insulted my current position and said “okay, so you basically just copy and paste things/transfer them in salesforce” and I corrected him on what I do as a salesforce developer and day-to-day tasks. 

Is this a normal round 1 experience that other applicants have had? And should I speak with my campus recruiter about it? I’m almost sure I can expect a rejection letter, but I just feel like I was completely blind-sided and had not gotten proper preparation… It felt like he already rejected me before I even got the chance to speak. Again, I knew the answers to his questions, but on-the-spot out of nowhere being asked to recall something I haven’t had to use in almost a year, I had a hard time. Especially with him asking questions about AI and machine learning, despite me not studying AI or Machine Learning in school and/or looking for a position focusing on that. I’m almost 100% sure he hadn’t even glanced at my resume. 

I feel humiliated and degraded.
I’m a second year staff in audit and I’m wondering if people try to use up all they’re PTO before year end or if you just let it be due to work. I haven’t been keeping track but I can’t imagine the higher ups on my team have even gotten close to running out, and I’d like to use a bit more this year (during not so busy times) but I don’t know if it would be a bad look. Thoughts?

I know it changes from province to province but I am curious what the salaries are for auditors at Deloitte?

Would love to know all the way from A1 up to Senior Manager. (And partner, income or equity, if anybody can comment.)

Thanks.
Hi guys, I am a senior and recently took a new 
staff for lunch and spent around $120. We mostly talked about work during the lunch.

So after reading the expense policy, it seems like this can be reimbursed as meal-counseling as long as it’s for business purpose. Just wondering, does it need to be approved by PPMDs first? Or do I need to be his coach first? 

Thanks.
I cleared round one interview and gave the versant test last week with Deloitte USI. Any idea on how much time do they take to let their candidates know if they’ve been selected for further rounds (if any)?
Deloitte is contacting me for a junior full stack engineer role. I am currently a junior software engineer at Vodafone Intelligent Solutions.
I graduated 7 months ago.
Do you think Deliotte is good for my technical career? And is it a better choice than vodafone for a junior from learning and gaining experience perspective?


Note: I am in Egypt. They are recently launching their tech department in Egypt  and hiring SWE and ML engs from all levels
Hey everyone, manager said I was on a PIP because one manager gave me all bad marks, even though all the other managers gave me perfect marks. He just said I just need to have record of me improving  with that one manager that gave me bad marks(even if it's in increments) and that's it.

&#x200B;

How do I know if I am on actual PIP at all? I heard you have to sign a form. But I never signed any PIP paperwork, unless it was the Snapshot.

&#x200B;

And what are the chances of me getting out of it? Or is this just a reason to lay off?

&#x200B;

Thanks!
Hey everyone,

I interviewed for the position of Consultant in the Risk Advisory at Deloitte Canada on October 5th, but I haven't received any updates. Any suggestions on what steps I can take next?

Thanks!
What does a new grad get in tax per annum?
Hi all,

Current DT employee. If I apply to another job internally, will my manager be notified automatically? Do I need to have a conversation with them before applying? 

Thanks!
Hey everyone, I was with Deloitte US for over 6 years. Wanted to change geographies and move to Europe, so chose to go to Business school in the UK. Before leaving for business school, I had met with a Monitor Deloitte UK partner and interviewed to return back to the firm after my MBA in their London office, but we never got to the offer stage. Over the past year, and half i've been in touch with the partner, met a few other partners as well to solidify my case for returning. But since December 2022, there has been a hiring freeze operating, and off late when I did speak to my sponsoring partner, he mentioned he couldnt get past the hiring freeze to get me in and mentioned he does not know when it will end. I do want to return and hence the reason for this post to clarify a few things before planning my next steps:  


1. Whats the current situation of Monitor Deloitte in the UK and how is it looking for FY24-25, pipeline wise?
2. When will be the earliest the hiring freeze is lifted and people are hired at Monitor Deloitte UK?

I do know there is no firm answer to my two questions, but anyone with any visibility into this, much appreciate your insights. Cheers!
I will be graduating this may and my recruiter told me my start date is tentative and could be between june-august. I lowkey dont want to jump into adult hood barely a month after graduating but what do you all think is usually the best time to start? For context ill be working in GPS risk and financial advisory.
I have a lot of PTO that will be expiring at the end of the year and I don’t think I will be able to use it all before it expires. Does Deloitte pay out any unused PTO or do I just lose it?
From what I’ve picked up from conversations at my school and in this Reddit is that for commercial BTS the only options for campus recruits that made it through both rounds have been rejected or still waiting. Im curious if anyone has received offers yet and if so how long after your second round did you find out? I interviewed final round 9/29 and have followed up (twice) and am still waiting.
Do you have to payback a certification if Deloitte covered the costs, specifically RFA?
Hi, what's the salary range for senior solution specialist in USD GPS? Thanks
My doj is Oct 30 for deloitte USI Hyd location. But I have not received any mail regd. induction. When can I expect the induction mail? Any one joined recently. Please helo with the information.
It is open enrollment and I'd like to add my partner to my health insurance. Does anyone know the process for doing this? Do I need approval from Deloitte?
Is there any chance of being rehired by Deloitte after being laid off? I keep seeing job openings online, been a tough market after layoffs so was seeing if there’s any chance of boomeranging in the future at all, or if it’s a lost cause going forward.
Hi everyone,

I have an interview coming tomorrow and I would like to know what thing should I expecsinc it says  "Round 1 Interview will consist of a 30-minute situational interview. A situational interview demonstrates problem-solving and critical-thinking skills through your real-world experiences and projects. The interview may include some technical questions to ensure your understanding of basic technical concepts relating to the position you are interviewing for." As Solution Analyst (Data Analytics) like what sort of questions should I expect and how to best prepare for it. please help me out as I am a bit nervous.

Thank you!
When do raises happen and what can I expect as a first year campus hire who will be below utilization in GPS consulting?
I’d like to use my iPad as my main one note driver which I can keep open at all times. I understand that in doing so, I will have to install things to the device that are Deloitte related and will have to register it. From anyone with experience on this, what are the ramifications? Will my device be slowed? When I don’t want any Deloitte items on it anymore, is it easy to remove from the iPad? Do they “own” the device now? I really only use it for YouTube and finance apps. Will they have access to all of my messages and photos?
Does anyone know how big each office is in terms of employees? I know 30 rock is by far the biggest but I’m curious what the size of the other offices are?
Hey guys,

Anyone have experience leaving within a year?

What are the pros and cons?

Is it recommended?

Cheers!

We keep tazo and bigelow, what about you? Just asking bc I’m traveling and they have Lipton wtf nothing else 😡
Hey wanted to transfer all snapshots was all good then get an email that says my performance isn't good. How does that work when I've been given all good feedback since day one.
Had an interview a bit over a week ago, and just found out I didn't get the internship. Really disappointed because I thought the interview went super well:/ was wondering if there is any chance to reapply to a different office? or once you apply for a certain spot, you cant again

For reference, it was for RFA... 

Anyone in RFA practice, any advice on future interviews? I didnt get one behavioral, my interviewer just had a conversation with me and it's not the easiest to prepare for.. however I thought it went well. looking for advice
 Hello everyone,

I am a manager at a small-to-mid sized firm. We are a reputable accounting firm located in North Jersey. We are currently in the process of expanding our team and are actively looking for talented individuals to join us.

If you or someone you know has recently been laid off or is seeking new opportunities in the tax or audit field, we would be delighted to receive your application. We have various positions available, ranging from entry-level to senior roles.

Perks include great compensation (better than most competing firms IMO), \~10%-15% annual performance bonus, holiday bonus, reasonable busy season hours (I typically work from 8:30am-8:00pm), 2-3 onsite/remote split and overall decent work culture.

Please feel free to reach out to me directly via DM for more information about the job roles, our firm, or the application process.

Stay safe and best of luck in your job search!

Hi All! New to Deloitte and signing up for benefits. Do any of our plans offer MJ coverage without a PA? My previous employer had it covered for $25/month with just a doctor's script and I had CVS Caremark for pharmacy. 
I returned from parental leave just recently. Upon looking up my network, I see almost half of them have left the firm in the last six months :(

I have few leads and see minimal roles in the pipeline.

With the weight of a new child, the butterflies in my stomach feel like when you’re at the peak of the roller coaster and about to come down... 

1. How have people handled similar circumstances?
2. Any sense of how long one could be safe for before being on the chopping block?



Lvl: M
What can of side jobs/businesses are cool to start will working at Deloitte? I was thinking of starting a social media agency or do some affiliate marketing.
Got laid off in August 23, and have had a horrible time finding a new job. Can’t seem to get callbacks to save my life. Joined USI as a DC Analyst (Salesforce) in June 2022 as a campus hire. Have tried applying through LinkedIn/indeed etc to over 250 companies. Anything I’m doing wrong or I should be doing to get callbacks? Anyone else going through something similar?
Hi, I am planning to travel to my hometown for diwali and I wanted to know if I can claim my air tickets travel allowance in Leave travel allowance ?
 I just got a second round financial advisory interview after the recruiter called me. Does anyone have any tips for this interview? Is it all behavioural? And does anyone know the salary for this program/analyst position? Thanks!!
I recently wrapped up the interview process with Deloitte for A/IC analyst role in Arlington, VA  about 2 1/2 weeks ago and still haven't heard back. Can anyone provide any information on this?
Does deloitte give out any holiday funds to employees?
I have recently received an invite to an online assessment centre for audit (UK). Does anyone who had experienced this service line at Deloitte have any tips?
Hi, I’ve been trying to search for an answer to this question online, but no success. Does anybody know whether deloitte gives you a raise after completion of their grad program? I’m in australia.
Any insights on what goes into job offers? I just finished my final case study interview on last Tuesday and I just can’t help but second guess myself? This was a consulting full time position for after I graduate through my University.
Fairly new to the company but it seems like a lot of people use Deloitte as a stepping stone before going industry how often do most people stay at Deloitte? Also how easy of switch is it to go into industry work rather than being a consultant?
Hi Everyone!

I have been working with Deloitte Aus since one year. Can you please help me with the below questions:

1. Do we get cost of living or other hikes in December?
2. Do we get any bonuses as consultants or at what level should we expect bonuses?
3. What is your favourite perk of Deloitte Aus?
As employees of Deloitte, are we allowed to start a youtube or instagram page where:

1. the content is not related to any of Deloitte's offerings
2. I don't intend on making any money
3. I'm willing to get permissions, discuss my idea with my PPMD.

I have multiple ideas and i really want to start.
I'm in Deloitte India if it matters.
How do you know if you get a PIP?
How is life in auditing department of Deloitte India ?
I recently got an offer for Deloitte USI. The CTC has 1.5LPA joining bonus component.

But this is just one year thing. What happens to my salary at the end of first year? Does it decrease or Deloitte gives some kind of salary hike or retention bonus to compensate for that dip in salary from 2nd year onwards?
I filled time as soon as I got the late time email at 0:00 AM. Will it count as a miss? If so, does a mail go to my coach?
Currently A2
I did my internship(co op) at Deloitte (Toronto) this summer (may to august). I have last semester remaining, So I will graduate this december. 

At the end of the internship I was offered another internship(co op) by my manager, but cannot take it as It will push my graduation date to next year fall. No full time position was offered as there was none availble in the team. The team was actually getting merged with other team. I was heavily involved in a project and was trained for that as well as it is still going.

I applied for Consulting Graduate Role(This can not be referred), So I can join from January 2024, but got declined.

Is it because I am a college student instead of a university student? I rarely saw anyone from college when I was working.
Just paranoid here - is saving your time in DTE the same as submitting? I’ve saved all my time daily this week (first week) and I know the submission deadline is tonight. I just want to make sure that as I’ve saved each day it counts as submitting. 

As I said - feels like a very stupid question that should be obvious. But the nomenclature of “submit” versus “save” has thrown me, as I expected to find a “submit” button somewhere. 

Thanks!
I was fired recently for “low performance and not working up to the standards” despite getting good feedback, improved PIP, and over time hours a year into the firm. HR wasn’t even involved in the PIP process and I only got ~4-6 weeks of PIP. Initially was told it was “informal” and was completely blindsided by this. What led to this was 2-3 team members telling me one thing and spinning the story to my coach to make it sound like my fault. Coach didn’t acknowledge my pov and never had my back since day 1. My confidence and self-esteem has taken a blow after this incident. They made me change a couple materials and are using it now despite calling it “not up to the mark”?? I was also bullied constantly. I got only 2 weeks severance. HR also didn’t bother to see my evidence and how I was being treated unfairly,
and didn’t tell me the list submitted by my coach that led to my employment termination. Should I negotiate my severance? How to deal with this for future employment and what do I tell the interviewers?
I've been offered a role at Deloitte with a $25,000 salary increase compared to my current job. Could you tell me more about the Learning and Development Consultant team at Deloitte? I work internally with KPMG. Deloitte will be client facing.
I was recruited as an intern and 12 others they told us after 6 months we are going to choose only 6 . 
So we started to work nearly 14 hours a day .  My self i worked more than 10 hours 
With a salary of 25000DZD (125$/month) 
It was pure slavery and at the end they didn't took any one from the 12 . Just told us that there's not enough budget.  
Well .. fuck you deloitte and your work culture 
Nothing is true about this organisation 
Work life balance my ass
I did not receive the managers DU training as I was hired last year and I’m no longer considered a new manager. I really wanted to attend. Are there any other trainings that occur at DU?
I am using up all my vacation days at the end of the year and haven’t taken a day off since earlier this year. I really have to take a day off Friday for personal reasons; does calling in sick look bad?
Recently joined Deloitte USDC GPS. It's a Deloitte holiday for winter disconnect in Dec. If you work at client side and it's not a holiday for client. If we work during winter disconnect, do those hours add to PTO?
I didn’t wear a suit to the final round interview. I didn’t blur my background, and I let them know I had other offers which probably made it seem as if I’m just chasing a firm paying the most instead of picking them for “them” since Deloitte was the last one I applied to. Lesson learned I guess.
I just got an interview for the BTS position and I’m really nervous about the case study aspect. Does anyone have any tips? I was going to study the case in point book prep but I heard that’s better for management consulting
Recently had 2 back to back interviews for the rfa discovery internship, and REALLY want to do it. it's friday today, and had mine exactly a week ago on friday. interview was with md and sr manager.

I reached out to the recruiter earlier today, and got no response - the sr manager got back to me and looped me in with the recruiter  for an update, and the recruiter also didn't respond to that. 

should i be worried? how long did it take for other interns to hear back?
Hello!

It seems like Deloitte only hires brand new grads. What is the non-grad hire to fresh grad hire ratio?
I will be working in Core Business Operations, mainly operations transformation. What are the possible exit opportunities for this kind of roles? Is there a high demand for such experiences?

If you had any experience, seen someone transition into industry, what was the role?

Hi! I’m lucky enough to get two competing offers and am evaluating Deloitte vs AFS. Deloitte GPS has $85,000 starting salary, $10,000 sign on bonus, well-being subsidy $1,000, 23 PTO days, collective disconnects, 10 holidays(I count 17 days excluding official holidays), 3% match, no overtime.

AFS: $83,000 starting salary, $7,000 sign-on bonus, no subsidy, PTO 15 days, no collective disconnect, 10 holidays, 6% match, overtime included.

The main decision point for me is work-life balance. I’ve heard AFS typically works no more than 40 while Deloitte GPS goes 45-50. 

Which should I choose? Experiences with Deloitte GPS are appreciated.
hi! i am an incoming summer 2024 hire and was offered $85,000 with a $10,000 signing bonus for the arlington office! can anyone who's a current employee let me know when you generally receive the signing bonus as well as how much are taken out in taxes per paycheck generally? 

this is my first job and i'm pretty lost and would love any input anyone has <3
Will there be a salary adjustment for consulting campus hires that were deferred?
A hotel I recently stayed at, for some reason, charged my folio in two chunks (not even distributed by half, or by different nightly rates, or anything that would make sense). I've got two charges for $250 and $350, the grand total being $600 on the folio. Since I have to itemize hotel expenses in DTE, how do I do this given that no set of the charges actually adds up to whatever weird way the hotel decided to break it up?
I have my first interviews today, and I wondering if I should wear my AirPods during it. I’ll be in an apartment in a study room, so there could be some sound from someone walking by or other rooms. Is wearing AirPods “unprofessional” or do you think that it will be okay?

Can I use it to pay for 6 months’ parking garage at my local office? (Yes, I have enough to pay for that)
I have an upcoming audit internship, and am wondering how I should rank my choices of industry. What industry do you work in, and what is the best and worst thing about it?

At the end of the month, the subsidy will expire. I am wondering if there is any tips and tricks to make sure I get the full benefit before it does.
Hi guys,   


I was wondering did any of you guys have get update for your application (Campus Entry Level)?  
I know they changed the hiring process to rowing bases this year, but I applied for a while, so I am curious about is it just me, or anybody else is waiting too?

  

Just curious as to how long it takes to hear back after the hirevue video interview? I've been waiting for more than a week now and am quite anxious... applied to the new york office! 
Hey all! So I interviewed at Deloitte two weeks ago and it went really well. It was my second interview. The hiring manager said that I would hear back the week after. Didn't heard back so I emailed the recruiter and said I would get some news by the end of this week and still nothing. It's an entry-level position so I was wondering if this was normal? For anyone who interviewed in Toronto how long was the process and did you had to interview with a partner as well? I know I'm a bit impatient and anxious but it has always been my dream to work for Deloitte and I feel like I'm so close to reach this goal but the suspense is killing me. If I have to wait this long does it mean that I'm not going to get the job?
Anyone hear back from these roles?
Does Deloitte Canada hire New graduates for full-time roles in January?
Hi. 

I joined Consulting practice of Deloitte India as a Consultant this September. I got tagged to a project which requires an ODC environment and have been given a shift I am not comfortable with. 
To be honest, I am not comfortable to the idea of ODC itself, let alone shift. 

I tried speaking to my Management and they’re not keen to remove me from the project, rather said that we might need to flag it to HR if you’ve any concerns and you “may” ultimately need to resign. 

I want to understand that what should I do in this scenario? 

I am/ was looking forward to working with Deloitte however not at the expense of completely ruining my personal life (if it were a non ODC project, I understand I would have been swamped with other work however I choose to believe that I’d still have some personal life). 

Should I quit right away? Or enter ODC, find a job and quit then? Or is there any other way out here which I couldn’t think of yet? 

Any suggestions in this situation are welcome.

Thanks!
I'm a senior in college and went through the recruiting process for the entry level GPS Consulting Business Analyst position. I just got a call yesterday that I am on the waitlist. Any ideas as to what my chances are of getting off of the waitlist? How does the process work? Is there anything that I can do to improve my chances of getting off of the waitlist? Any information and advice would be greatly appreciated, and if anyone has been through a similar situation before, would love to know your experience!
So if I move into NYC and charge my hours to the NY01 tax jurisdiction (New York city, NY), will my paystubs account for the NYC tax? Because when I do my taxes in the following April, will I have to pay more to NY or will Deloitte take out the NYC tax for me?
Do you think we will get mid year hike this year as well ?
Hi, could someone tell/ guide me regarding the Notice Period at Deloitte India if someone is on probation? 

I joined in September, this year, Consulting team and let’s just say things are getting slightly overwhelming already. 

Also, I am on bench since I joined so I would like to know if it changes the time for notice period or not? 


PS: Any advice on implications of joining a Big4 in such a short time? 

Thanks!
What is the difference between the discovery 1 internship versus discovery 2 internship?
I heard that at the top of F&EP there is some real homophobia. I heard a person within thst practice was let go after they reported to HR that two partners were being homophobic, making fun of homosexuals, and also making fun of people with bad mental health problems. One of them is an industry leader within the practice initials M.S.
Any insights on the office at Sacramento?
Hello people. First of all, thanks for taking the time to read this post and considering helping with any insights. I am joining the firm this year and I honestly have a bunch of questions about the firm and I am not sure what to expect. 


I would want to know what is the ease to transfer offices, and how long I would have to wait for it/things I should do before requesting it. 

Also what are some of the outstanding perks at the firm? (Benefits, gym membership, free products, merch…) How does the Deloitte university work? Can you move to another country while working for Deloitte? No Robinhood…? Do I get a new phone too? Any more insights will help too. 

Thank you!
Hi all, just interviewed and was offered an analyst position in risk advisory Australia. Was just wondering what sort of range or roughly how much I should be negotiating for?
Joining GSP in DC next week and currently debating if I should order contacts through my current insurance or wait and use Deloitte's insurance once I'm on it. Does anyone have any insight of  vision insurance they offer? I don't have access to the portal yet as I'm not a real employee yet. Thanks!

Edit: Also, specifically the coverage for glasses and contact lenses. I wear glasses daily but would like to switch to contacts.
Hi,

&#x200B;

I just finished my round 2 interviews with Deloitte GPS consulting yesterday for full time position as a cyber analyst. I thought they went really well actually, but i just got a call from the recruiter saying that the partner thinks i should apply to a different GPS position; legal and regulatory? It doesn't match my background as well, i think, but the partner apparently says she thinks it would be a better fit for me. So now i am interviewing with a PPMD from that group on Friday.

&#x200B;

Any thoughts on this? Is this good or bad? I am confused 
Hi! I have to complete my hirevue interview soon and would like some tips and advice. I haven't heard  what questions are asked but I know that it is a behavioral interview and there are 4 written and 5 video. If anyone has any input, such as what are possible questions or how long I get for the written questions, it would be greatly appreciated!
This question is mainly for my USDC folks. I am aligned to RFA USDC GPS, and currently have over 100 firm contribution hours (most are related to my project & personal interests, and others are non USDC but advisory focused)

I joined the firm back in April, which was shortly before Pat made the announcement that it is a requirement for us to do firm contributions now. 

To count, do these firm contributions have to be aligned to USDC or can they just be any firm contribution with a significant impact. 

Anytime I ask someone higher up in USDC, I can never get a definitive answer or they aren’t aware of the change. USDC specific initiatives are so few and far in between, and it seems like all USDC Advisory folks are in a HungerGames-like competition to be part of one.
72k and 3.5k bonus. Stating full time as TC I (tax consultant) in fall ‘24. HCOL (chi). 

A bit about position: It’s in MTS (multistate tax service) department (pretty much SALT). Interned in the same position in fall ‘22 and boi.. did like 60-65 hours for 9/15 busy season. Average by the end of the internship (mid November) was around 52-55. Busy season hours are mess but what about other months of the year? Standard 40? 

What y’all think?
What are the key differences? Which one is harder to get into (consulting im assuming)? Do I get promoted to a consultant after 2 years as an Analyst in RFA? Can I go into consulting and leave RFA? Compensation?

Junior rn, doing a summer internship for RFA tech summer 2024. Thank you in advance!
Got the dreaded talent/business communication invite last Tuesday, knew exactly what it meant. Started July ‘22 as an Analyst in US Commercial EP. PPMD said it was a layoff due to a lack of business, but also mentioned that there were opportunities for me to get staffed. This is absolutely not true, tried every opportunity to get staffed (constant check ins with helpless RM, cold emailing PPMDs in my business area, applying on staffing, networking in office). Just a shame, cause colleagues in other business areas have had no problems getting staffed since starting.  I feel like I wasn’t given a fair shot from the start, and I’m upset it had to end this way. However, from D’s perspective, can’t be too upset. Was around 20% utilization (3/4 projects this year cancelled early/didn’t happen at all) and 1 decent/bad snapshot with foreign manager who was trying to provide constructive criticism. Anyways, hoping this is going to be a blessing in disguise. Sitting on the bench wasn’t developing my skills at all. If anyone has any advice or questions, let me know. Enjoy the stability while you can!
I'm a university student graduating this semester, I've been chosen for a good corporate job and passed all 4 interviews and had a verbal confirmation over the phone, during the interviews l've clarified that I'm currently finishing my last semester, and they commented on that pointing my achievement of getting this far while still being a student, I've been waiting for the written confirmation from them for a few days. I got a call today from them asking about my education and I explained again that I'm currently finishing my last semester and that I have changed my schedule to free my day for working hours, they asked if I could balance both to which I've replied "yes of course" and they just said that they'd check a few stuff and get back to me, and it's shown on my cv that I've studied and worked for the past 3 years. What do I do now, do I text them back assuring that I can balance and achieve the goals simultaneously or do I stand back and wait for them to contact again?
Layoff is still happening and unfortunately this Friday is my last day. Stayed a bit over year with the firm. About 15% of my starting class got laid off at this point, most of them including me have been riding the bench for 2+ months. Feel like we are set up for failure. I have a big heart and already moving on. But kind words are appreciated.

Utilization: 60%

Performance snapshot: both around very strong

On bench for 3.5 months
Has anyone received their start dates for winter tax internship? I haven’t received any communications regarding the internship aside from the background check email. I was also curious about when the internship would end? Because I know the internships for kpmg or PWC usually ends around April (for winter).
I'm planning for an upcoming surgery next year, and with open enrollment around the corner have been doing some research online and on reddit, Fishbowl, about our health plans and I noticed no one ever seems to talk about the Basic Plan. I recognize that the main difference between HDHP and Basic is that the Basic plan does NOT cover infertility, chiropractic services, acupuncture, and habilitation services. If you don't need any of that coverage, the rest of it looks the same to me.

Looking at 2024 annual premium cost, the HDHP plan will cost $1352 for an individual minus $500 Deloitte contribution = $852.  The Basic plan is $260. And both plans can contribute to an HSA for tax savings.  

Am I missing any other reason that the HDHP is significantly better than the Basic Plan?
So when traveling to du I accidentally paid for 2 food items from the airport with my Amex card. So I marked these as personal expenses and I did a manual per diem expense to cover the travel meals. Now that I have been paid through the per diem, I need to pay off the personal expenses I made. How do I do that? Do I go to the Amex site and pay the amount of money I spent on the 2 times from my personal bank account?
Are the exit opportunities still really justifiable for slumming at uncle D for 2-3 years?

Currently interviewing for the commercial BTS analyst position. Curious if this is an actual tech consulting position. What kind of work are you doing? Do you choose a sector (like CBO for example) to go into or just assigned work?
Hi everyone, do you happen to know the hours during busy season for Tax department in Deloitte Atlanta?
i dont want to seem pushy but if the email is gonna help me get the update faster the ill do it.
I had a final interview just under 2 weeks ago for a BTS entry level position. They said decisions would come out in 2 weeks, which is 2 days away. I haven’t heard anything but have a friend who interviewed for the same position but was already told they didn’t receive an offer. Should I reach out at the 2 week mark, or assume I didn’t get an offer and search elsewhere?
How long after the application deadline for analyst roles and recruiting event week did you hear back to schedule the 1st interview?
This week I got an email about being selected for a first-round interview. The email mentioned it would be a mixture of situational and or technical questions. Anyone whose worked for the company or been the process have any tips? 
Hi, i had my HireVue interview for a 2024 new grad role 2 weeks ago and haven't got any reply nor have any recruiters reached out to me. How long can the process take?  
I recently got graduated from B tech in Computer science and got selected at Risk and Financial Advisory as analyst trainee my onboarding is in next month. I like software development now can I ask the HR to switch
me from this role to Consulting NLA role since both roles have same eligibility criteria.
I’m a campus hire and it’s been two weeks since I accepted my strategy analyst position. It said in the contract that once my written offer had been accepted that they will communicate the start date for me but they haven’t done so yet. When do you usually know when your start date is?
Currently on assignment embedded at the client site.  Client has had multiple rounds of layoffs, and has been open with the team, which includes the few Deloitte employees left there are likely more cuts coming.

I’ve been on the job less than a year, and my job is not one of Deloitte’s core businesses.  Given this, I doubt I will be employed with Deloitte much longer.  I’d have no problem finding another job, but I’m within the 2 year repayment window for the sign on bonus.  

If I wait to be laid off I would keep the sign on bonus.  I’d prefer to start my job search now, while I’m employed than try to time it with Deloitte’s layoffs, but if I quit I’d have to pay back the bonus.  Has anyone successfully negotiated to keep this money?
Hi all,
I got one offer from Deloitte at 68k salary (3.5k bonus)  and another offer from a mid-tier firm for 73k salary (2k bonus). Both for tax full time entry level position in the same location (very big city, east coast) starting Fall 2024. I have tried to negotiate with Deloitte but they haven’t replied. Tomorrow is my last day to accept or reject the offer.

A bit about me, I am already 31 years old and planning to have a baby before starting full time next year.

If you are in my situation, which one would you choose?

Update: Thank you everyone for your kind comments. It is very difficult for me to choose between the two. Finally, I decided to go with Deloitte knowing that this will likely be a more brutal experience. I am just trying to challenge myself for once. I will come back to this post after 1 year to update if I feel happy or regret for making this decision. All best wishes to you guys.
Do those subsidies have end dates and if so, when? Also, are we taxed on those like we are with the wellness subsidy?
Hi y’all - recently received level Q clearance from DOE outside of Deloitte. I recently started the process for Deloitte to take over the clearance. But wanted to know if they do take it over will I get pulled to a project in need of a clearance? I love my project now and don’t want to switch
Can we purchase an echo dot with our hybrid tech allowance. We are permitted to purchase speakerphones but not sure if it falls under this category.
Do we create a brand new Apple ID with out Deloitte email? Also, I got the free iPhone so if I wanna buy AirPods with my $250 accessory amount, what do I expense it as?
I am interviewing for the role in title and i am a business management administration major, with very little technical knowledge. I took a 3 day python course at my first internship but thats literally it. What should I know for the case interview? I dont want to embarrass myself for my lack of technical skills or information. Granted they have seen my resume and know what I am capable of thus far I still am kind of worried.
That was something right?
I'm looking to get some easy certifications going into the new year in something in line with finance. I thought about doing the FRM but wanted to see if anyone had any other suggestions they could offer me
And how does it impact your personal life?
So as we are having a USI TAX Family day in deloitte, I wanted to ask if I can bring my girlfriend ? As she is the only family I have with me at my current office location.
Wondering if anyone knew whether there were any layoffs currently occurring in Australia?
Just saw it mentioned that we can't have Robinhood? I just opened an account earlier this year, only have less than $1000 in it. Is this true? I also tried opening a Fidelity account which I could never figure out how to do anything with because of their complicated app. 

Also, I'm in GPS software development, I'm an IT guy, not taxes or audit, does that make a difference?
Canada - Got laid off last month after 3 years at the firm. Had amazing performance reviews, was staffed, got a fast track promotion last year etc. Was given the usual due to “market softening” speech. They were extremely clear that it was not due to performance which would be hard to argue given my reviews (which leads me to wonder how Tf they decided to lay me off in the first place but the inner toxic politics of the firm is a discussion for another time). The record of employment sent to service canada also supports the fact that it was due to softening demand. 

Anyway, have a few interviews lined up. They will undoubtedly ask me why I left my previous job. What should I say? I plan to be transparent since the layoff shouldn’t reflect poorly on me. However, I worry it puts me in a fairly poor spot when negotiating salary. What’s the most tactful way to approach this?
It finally happened. Got the weird outlook meeting invite on a Sunday afternoon for a “Talent Discussion” on Monday. Showed up and an HR person was on be line too. Got the standard,  2 min speech about my low utilization and “inconsistent performance”, the the HR person took over and walked me through the termination steps.  Oh well. Getting very restless on the bench and been setting up for a subcontracting biz. 

Been here just under 2 years in HC/USDC. Never a good fit for me. No tears.
I have worked at D way too long to ask this, but, is there absolutely any reason I should use up PTO before YE? or does is it 100% carry over?
Hey all! As mentioned I'm a low util PDM and don't currently have a project. I keep getting my termination date, then it gets pushed back a bit. It is by far, the most stressful job ever - to be constantly told I'll be fired if I don't find a project - and there be no relevant projects.

So now I'm trying to find a job outside the big D. If I find a job and already have a termination date, do I need to tell them before I'm fired that I got another job? I accepted a sign on bonus so im worried they'll try to force me to hand it back if I find another job, despite the fact that they're already firing me.
Hi all,

Just had an interview last week for an audit internship in Winter 2024. I'm not sure why they're hiring so late into the year, but does anyone have any idea how long it takes for me to hear something back? I had interview with the senior managers.
I have an interview with Deloitte this Friday, and I was told it was going to be through Hirevue. I started looking into it and found that it's just a one-way interview that is timer-based. I was told that I have one interview with a tax manager and one with a tax partner, and when I signed up for the interview it gave me the two people's names. Does anyone know if I will actually be talking to a person through Hirevue or will it be a one-way interview? Thanks!
Horrible time to be a part of the company. Joined as an analyst in the graduate scheme of the company, been over 1 year now. I have had a decent time doing projects and also on the bench being doing business development and practice development. Had the meeting where they told me the outcome of my score against the benchmark of the people that stayed. Was not fair and I had good feedback and no issues with performance but utilisation was high because it’s not something we had a control over and they told us not to worry about it in the first year. 

So yeah just wanted to know if you did decided to leave Deloitte, how long after did you find a job and what you did to get that job. I have decided my time in consulting is over and I want to pursue something in another industry like investment or even tech.
As stated above, haven’t seen or heard of anything these Past couple weeks so was curious on everyone’s thoughts.
Hello! I'm a grad student in finance with no working experience. I recently was offered a position as an Analyst in Auditing. 

However, my background has little to do with accounting having done only a few subjects on it in my bachelor's degree. From what I recall I really don't enjoy accounting that much. Yet, Deloitte would be an amazing company to start my career journey. 

Any thoughts? (I have five days to decide)
Hello I applied and they sent me a 4 part assessment quiz
Quantitative, dbps, ethics and excel and I don't know what to study how to prepare. Has anyone had some experience with that?
This is Audit at UK. It was bit heartless and dishonest on Deloitte's part. She is fairly junior.

My friend did not get promoted this year and was been told she did not meet the expectations of her level. So she was held back. As per standard procedures, she was put on an informal PIP designed to help her improve her performance. She has been assured by managers in her office, there was nothing to worry about and she is not put on a formal PIP.

I left Deloitte many years ago so she came to me for advices. This sounds like a very normal procedure and I did not see why she should be worried about this.

However she was just been told one week ago, this informal pip is now indeed a formal one. She was summoned to a meeting to discuss the outcome of her PIP, attended by HR and a partner. I did not think much cos in the UK u will be given another chance if u failed to pass the 1st PIP.

Today she told me she was fired there and then. She was completely blindsided. According to her, this meeting was done in a brutal fashion. HR read through a long list of grivences against her performances. She did not think a lot of feedback is fair and she did not get the chance to see the finalised feedback before the meeting. She defended herself by saying why many of the issues were never brought to her attention before.

Deloittes response was why u never challenged these feedbacks? But she never saw it in the first place.
She was being told by HR she failed PIP and she was let go on the day. Just like that.

I personally think it is bit brutal on Deloitte side and I don't think Deloitte conducted the whole affair in good faith with honesty. Feel bad for my friend
Can anyone speak towards utilization targets for analysts and how much they impact that first promotion to consultant? Also curious to hear people’s options on how the current economic climate will impact promotions for the lower level positions (A to C and C to SC). Thanks!
If I refuse a salary increase will that give me a better chance of avoiding layoffs? So, if I take a promotion to consultant but stay at my current salary will that help me when the next round of layoffs happens in my area? 

Deloitte is a business, and employees are a cost. So I just thought if I am the lowest cost, even with below-average utilization, I won't be considered for layoffs. 
I recently received an offer to join the GPS Risk and Financial Advisory practice in the Arlington, VA office.  I was a little wary because the job req I applied to said Data Scientist, but the offer letter says "Consultant."  According to the recruiter, this is because Consultant is the level of seniority.  The recruiter also said that I would be joining as a "Profile Hire" meaning I would start on the bench but would have somewhat of a choice in what projects I staff myself on.  

Can anyone in this org provide any insight on what kind of project opportunities there are, specifically from a data science/analytics perspective?  Worried about joining and finding there aren't a lot of projects available or getting stuck doing something not related to data science/analytics at all.  Thanks!
What are the smallest offices of Deloitte US? I am applying to Deloitte's internship and considering a smaller office for minimized competitiveness.
First year A&A starting in January 2024 in another office. I was wondering what do first years get paid in the Houston office?

Hoping to move to Houston in the upcoming year.

Thanks
Hey there,

after some nice talks in the application process I was given a verbal offer but they highlighted the current hiring freeze in Germany, especially for Human Capital Practices. They meant that the prediction for a start in the next year is good but they can't give me a contract by now.

How do you see this situation? I'm highly torn because Deloitte would be my favorite employee and I'm not sure what to do if I get a job offer from another company I'm interviewing with. Take the new offer although they're not my favorite firm? Or wait and risk that they find a better candidate and offer him the job instead or don't get back to me in the next months because of the hiring freeze.

Really appreciate your opinion on this situation!
Has anyone bought a wireless speaker with the well-being subsidy? I see white noise makers on the list of acceptable items and I do not see that speakers are specifically listed as not covered. Any thoughts?
  

Dear Mother Deloitte, we want to thank you

For the time we spent working for you

We learned so much and grew in our career

And for that, I am forever grateful, my dear

&#x200B;

Most sacrifices we made were worth it

For the opportunities and experiences, we received

We worked hard and gave it our all

And you recognized that, which made me stand tall

&#x200B;

You were more than just a job to me

Some were mentors, guides, and friends

You believed in us when we may not have believed in ourselves

And for that, I will always be thankful no matter the ends

&#x200B;

We will cherish the memories made together

The challenges we faced and overcame as a team

We will always look back at that time we shared

And I know that someday I’ll be repaired

&#x200B;

The end of us was hard to bear

But we know that life is not fair

Thank you for everything you've done for me

I hope one day you'll understand the sacrifices made; we'll see ...
As the title suggests. I see that we can use it for white noise machines, aromatherapy, and musical items. I’d love to put some soundproofing in my home office to block out some of the external noise. Was curious if anyone used subsidy for this with no issues?
This is not about politics. In most of the communications I've come across the Jewish community is recognized and regarded whereas the Muslim community is not. Am I the only one reading this wrong?

There are good people on both sides of the conflict and conversely there are also bad actors. I feel there should be more emphasis on supporting the good people regardless of country or religion after all the act of choosing a side supports the narratives thrown around.

Hoping others will chime in with constructive thoughts.
Specifically for campus hires! I just went through a final round interview for Strategy. I interviewed with two managers, the first interview being a case interview and the second a client presentation. Does anyone know how they pick who gets the offer? I also met other interviewers during a networking dinner but they didn't specifically interview me. Do they get input too?

Hi Guys!

Just wanted to share my experience so that I know what next steps to stake.

I joined in Audit Public as an A1 last year and I was excited with everything. I got into a big file right off the bat, and I really liked the file. However, I feel that the manager and the team much didn’t gel much with me. 6 months in the Audit engagement I got kicked out saying my performance was bad. Along with me, a senior too got kicked out and later fired, both of us were racial minorities in the whole team.

After a gruelling busy season, I came out of the 6 month file with a heavily negative review and was unstaffed for a couple months due to that. But I still went ahead networking with managers to get me into engagements. And later when I did get into some, since they were short hours and the performance stated “Good”, it did not sway the needle much.
I later ended up getting into an unofficial PIP after the YE, and yet, after months and several more engagements my performance is always looked into.

Not sure what next steps to take. Any info will be appreciated!
I’m based in Albany, NY and I was told there are freezes in these two areas, at least here.

Any insight on this?
I already signed my offer for audit with Deloitte full time. I can't join on the given date in fall / summer. Will Deloitte allow me to join in following Jan ?
Anyone know if you can use the subsidy for an electric bicycle?
Can someone please confirm if there’s an Hiring Freeze at Deloitte in India ? Specifically Monitor Deloitte, the Strategy Consulting Arm. If so what is the expected time it could end ?
USI Analyst here, does our Amex card come with lounge privilege?
Hi are they any certificates for TC 2 to obtain while working at Deloitte? Any Clouds base or PM?
Let me preface this by saying that I have only been an auditor for about 10 months. I don't have much experience, but I have been through two busy-season private clients and a couple of quarterly reviews for a public client. So my current opinions are "immature" and might change in the future.

I feel extremely unfulfilled by everything I do at work.

I feel like I spend 10% of the time doing actual auditing and 90% pondering on how to word every nook and cranny of the documentation to make it foolproof in case of inspections. Because of this, I feel like the majority of my time is spent on just wording things rather than doing any value-add work (the only value-add would be to protect the partners from inspections...).

It's a shame, cause I actually really like my team, but I can't shake the feeling of being bored to death every day and feeling like I am doing nothing useful in the world for the majority of the time.

Does anyone else feel the same way? Will it change as I get more difficult work?
Pretty much the title, I had a final interview on 09/29 for a campus entry level Business Technology Analyst role. They said that decisions would be communicated within 2 weeks, which was yesterday. Is it safe to assume I wasn’t selected if I did not hear back in the timeframe? This is in the US.
Hi everyone, I've heard from a lot of people that when you get to your final interview round, the interview is usually done by a senior/partner and it's mainly to test whether you're a good fit for the company and that you shouldn't really worried about it. Does this mean if you get to the final round you're almost there in terms of getting an offer and the only thing you need to do is to make sure you don't do/say something bad during your final interview round? In other words how many people make it to the final round and how many of them are given an offer? Any help would be greatly valued here. TIA!
Employees who dint get picked even in the last round of H1 lottery, can they be transferred to Canada?
Can the well being subsidy be used to get Electric Scooters under sporting equipments?
Can anyone advise... I'd like to have my job back but that's not a good idea going back to the toxic environment.
I was wondering if anyone here can share their experience working as an intern in P&C at Deloitte (hopefully recently). 
How was the environment in the office and what type of work did you do?
If anyone also interned for personal lines, how would you compare the two?

I was wondering what is involved with transferring to another offering. Anyone with prior experience on navigating the process? Thank you.
hi all! 

i’m interested in hearing the referral process and if anyone has thoughts they can share on their experience in getting referred. like what’s the timeline, do i get a special link to apply from the referral, etc. 

i have a connection that i met through my network,  i’m working on getting a referral from them. am interested in joining alliances and partnerships on the tech side. 

thanks in advance! 😊
I will be joining Deloitte USI soon as an Analyst. I have been allotted to the CBO service line in the Core Technology Operations offering. I noticed this is a new offering under CBO. Can someone tell me what exactly they work on and what kind of clients they will be attending to? What kind of projects do you get under this offering?
I recently interviewed with Monitor Deloitte for an Analyst position in Growth Strategy. Gave 2 rounds of case interviews (Last one was Director round) and it’s been almost a month now I haven’t heard on any development. Have checked with Hr twice and all they can say is that the position is put on hold at the moment by the hiring team and would update me when the position resumes. What does this mean ? And looking at the hiring trends at Deloitte generally (Which I’ve read on forums are slow and lousy at times) what are my chances to secure an offer ? I’ve done fairly well in the rounds, my candidature, college tag and expected CTC are all in the right fit.
Would a three year old DWI bar someone from obtaining a public trust?
Very fitting for what is taking place across Big 4 right now.
I'm posting this on behalf of my partner as he's an Deloitte consulting employee.

He's been offered a role that's conditional on getting notice period down.

He doesn't want to burn bridges but is very keen on this job.

Has anyone gotten notice period down or should he not care regarding burning bridges.

Based in the UK.
Hello all, going up early for SC, what kind of business development activities will be expected of me by end of year?
In the A&A All Hands webcast, leadership stated that layoffs are occurring and that they are “substantially complete” at this time. Any thoughts?
I've been in the public and nonprofit space for the past 15 years in both operations and as a consultant at a small, local firm. I spent 6 years as a Salesforce admin and have been an executive in nonprofits with dozens of staff and hundreds of volunteers. 

The nonprofit world pays garbage even as an exec and my time as a consultant paid a fair wage for the size of the firm and my responsibilities. 

I'm at a point in my career where I can kind of do whatever I want and I remember over the last 15 years, what I loved most was using tech to solve complex problems for clients. A colleague of mine recommended I check out a Salesforce manager position in the GPS section. I know different sections have different cultures, so does anyone have any insight on that specific group?
Hello! 

Interviewed on 10/4 and they said I should hear back around 10/13. I’m willing to wait till next week Wednesday but if I don’t hear back today, or by then, when should I reach out to my campus recruiter? Or should I reach out to my interviewers? I have all three emails. 

Any advice would be great!
I got hired as Software developer for Deloitte. I was happy to get a job in this market and didn't really negotiate the relocation bonus.

I've already signed the offer, and I'm now wondering if there's any possibility of revisiting this aspect. I'd appreciate any advice from those who have experience with post-acceptance negotiations or Deloitte's policies regarding relocation bonuses.
Hi, joined Deloitte 4 months ago and received 10k as a welcome bonus. If we get laid off, do we need to repay? Offer letter says if we leave Deloitte with in one year we have to pay 5
100% and if we leave after one year we have to pay 50% of bonus amount. It didn't mention any terms about laid off situation.  (US GPS). Thanks

I’m thinking about taking the AICPA ethics exam soon but not sure how the reimbursement process work. 

Does anyone know if we should pay for it ourselves first then submit it to get reimbursed, or just use the Amex like a normal expense?
So, I’ve had stints at Deloitte, another one of those Big 4 Consulting giants, and also this decently sized consulting firm. I’ve seen how they handle training for the fresh-faced newbies at all three places, and I’ve also had my hands on the various tasks and responsibilities they throw around.

But you know what? Deloitte, for all its big-shot reputation, doesn’t quite hit the mark in some areas. From what I’ve seen, their training program leaves a lot to be desired. It’s like they’re missing out on opportunities to really boost the skills and growth of their young guns. There’s this sense that they could do a lot better with nurturing and developing their junior staff.
And guess what, the Midsized consulting company is the one that offers extensive skill boosting trainings to it’s juniors 

Based on my observations, if you’re eyeing a gig as an analyst/junior staff or Consultant level, I’d advise you to steer clear of Deloitte. Their setup might not give you the best launchpad for your career. However, don’t write them off completely. If you’re aiming for the big leagues, consider hopping onto the Deloitte bandwagon when you’ve got some solid experience under your belt, at the senior consultant or manager level. That’s when you can really make the most of their resources and network to propel your career to new heights.

Edit:

The above has been misinterpreted, Deloitte is not a bad place to work, it’s just like any Corporate it’s got its good side and bad side. 
I hated seeing Analysts working with me feeling lost and lacking skills/Knowledge fundamental for their role. Those skills and knowledge are not easy to get in Deloitte unless one has a great coach who’s able to put them in a great network that has the capability to help them build and enhance, or they’re a great networker.
Hey everyone I just attended the office tour at my local Deloitte firm and fell in love. I have the first round of interviews on Monday and I’m really excited, any tips? This is my second Deloitte social and I’ve met a good few people from past work terms that were at the socials  and I was recognized from my HireVue.

Hello! I am a recent graduate applying for his first role out of undergrad. I was wondering if anyone experienced in Deloitte's job cycling system can give me insight as to how much of a difference referrals make for someone's application in comparison to someone without. I am very interested in their Campus Recruiting role and think I might have a decent shot (about 2 years of recruiting experience and 3 years of work experience in total). And if anyone is willing to refer me, I would greatly appreciate it!
Hi, my previous PM had to leave the role, and the new one got a colleague and me on a call to tell us that the allocated hours were incorrect, we had a schedule to work half time everyday, but with his supposed corrections, it's marked as if it was only 4 days (from 22.5 hrs to 18 per week)

All of this happened after the client noticed they fucked up, and gave us completely incorrect requirements for a 2-week ticket aftwr we had already delivered it, and everything approved.

So I guess he wants to be "the cool guy" with the client and make us work more without the extra charged hours.

Is the FLSA applicable in this case? Or how should we proceed?

Thank you in advance to any reply.
Considering applying for a service job for a one off event (3days). 

Would this be a compliance violation?
Hey I don’t know if I’m the only one that feels like this but I feel outcasted from my team . I want new opportunities but I don’t want to gamble in this economic conditions . Even to find new opportunities in the company is a hassle . I need advice guys I have many thoughts in my head
I’m being added to a team supporting a mobile app. I know the industry but I’ve never built or supported an app before. Anyone know of any courses or resources I can dive into in preparation???
Anyone also feels like being stuck in a loop with constant stress and inability to forget about work for a bit? I feel like the weekend isn't enought to decompress
Folks in my office think that audit layoffs are being announced during the call. Can anyone confirm?  Its so strange to think that we are getting to busy season and layoffs would be happening. I really don't think they would ruin anyones weekend like that but has the all hands call been used to announce layoffs in any other service line?
Hello! I am a sophomore preparing for an interview for a Summer 2024 Discovery Intern (Audit) position. It is a digital HireVue interview where you answer prerecorded questions. Does anyone have any tips or insight as to what questions are asked? I'm a little nervous cause the last digital interview I had (with a different firm) where you record your responses went horribly wrong cause it felt so awkward lol. What is Deloitte looking for in interns? 
Hello I am an undergrad and I am about to interview for Deloittes Summer scholar position. I have two behaviorals and a case study. Do you guys have any tips or insights to do well in this interview? I already am doing case study prep and reviewing my resume but any other tips will help. Thanks in advance.
Out of curiosity. Provide your tenure (years at Deloitte) and how many times if at all have you been audited!
Why do we see comments available for the snapshot and some time we do see that? Does that mean that no comments is bad?
 I  am joining Deloitte USI as a consulting analyst this Jan. I am unsure  of how many years of experience and where(I am thinking US) I should go  for a master's/MBA, and I am requesting your guidance for the same.

If  for masters, the ideal course I stumbled upon googling is Masters in  Business Analytics, but I am concerned if I have to start my career as  an analyst again.

If for an MBA, I am honestly blank on where I should be doing it, as colleges play a huge role, too.

Any advice/guidance from you Redditors would greatly help me plan my career path and finances!

The career progression in Deloitte USI is Analyst-Consultant-Senior Consultant-Manager-Senior Manager-Director.

TIA
this is genuinely a question, I recently joined as an analyst trainee in USI and I remember interviewing for BTA role and yet recieving Analyst Trainee position, which was very weird but I am an off campus recruit so I didn't do anything about it turns out they filled up BTA roles and hired rest as analyst trainees. now ever since I've joined leaders are telling us ( ATs) to be very cautious??? as they have also read our Offer Letters which mentions us that we would be part of NATS scheme and will be joining as Apprentice? for a year we will be on probation and further employment is subjective to our performance in this year? 
this seems very shady. any idea how long does it take for an Analyst Trainee to become an Analyst?
So I recently applied to Deloitte New Zealand for an internship in their corporate finance department. I think my application was pretty strong, my immersive online assessment went pretty well but I am unsure of my Hirevue automated online interview. I dressed up professionally but it was hard to maintain contact with the camera for the whole time. My responses, I believe, were nice and confident and I used hand gestures too. My question is: how important is this step when considering the application? Is the application viewed as a whole or does video testing cull people?

P.s. I have an economics and finance background with FMVA and CFA level 1 candidature and 3.8 gpa (us equivalent)

Thank you guys
Hey everyone,

&#x200B;

For some context I am a computer science major in their junior year. Last march I had gotten an offer from Deloitte to be a Strategy Summer Scholar for this upcoming Summer. Although it isn't software engineering, what I truly wanted to do, I still took it as I'm also interested in business (Not actively taking business classes though) and they gave me an offer I couldn't refuse. I'll go through with this summer as I believe it'll still be a great experience. Despite me taking more of a business position my vision is to still work in software development in the future.

 I was wondering if anyone had experience in pivoting to those fields after holding more of a business position? What was the experience like and was it easy to switch? Any advice and tips for the future would be greatly appreciated!

I am a specialist master at US. 6 years on.
My current base is 273k.. it got increased by  53k last December (mid performance year)after I cleared 17 cloud certifications. Mostly azure and gcp.

I suspect I am making more than the SM I am reporting to.

My question is is there any way for him to know my base package?
I have an audit internship for winter 2024 and I know most interns do receive offers, but how good are my chances of getting a return offer for Fall 2024? Worried that all openings for new hires might be full. 

Specifically for NYC region. 
Hello,
I am a master of accounting student, and I currently have a Tax Consultant I full time offer lined up starting 2024 summer.
However, I have always been interested in dotnet development. I take free time writing fan made desktop app, web apis for a game I have been playing.
Is it possible to transfer to tax technology consultant job at Deloitte?
Does Deloitte use dotnet?
30s (M) and 40s (F)

Is there any due diligence around roasting a female client? She's older and into it, so there's nothing weird there.

SEC suggests not doing it, but that seems like a guideline! I'm interested in policies as written.   


Asking for a friend, thanks.
I just accepted an offer with GPS as a Summer Scholar and I've got a few questions

1. What can I expect with the day to day? Will I be doing similar things to a first year analyst or will my experience be different?
2. Will I need to do any networking prior to the internship to get staffed onto a project or will it be easier to get in on an engagement, since it is a short-term internship?
3. What are the chances or getting a return offer and is there anything I can do to increase those chances?

I'd also love to hear any other advice on how I can ensure a positive internship experience!
At what point do they turn off the Amex off and what can I quickly spend $1000 on tonight lol
For context I’m a senior in college right now and I’m graduating in May 2024. I just accepted an offer for an analyst role, start date sometime during 2024, but some people in my school say that Deloitte might rescind my offer and I should keep on applying to more jobs. 

 I don’t want that to happen so I was just wondering how likely will that happen??
How much do audit seniors make?
How's Deloittes policy for couples doing pd
I just started my career in industry, but for many reasons I feel like I made a mistake not going public. Had an industry and B4 offer but decided to go industry for many reasons one being higher salary. However, now a lot of circumstances have changed and I think the best move for my career is going to be public accounting at least for a few years. Had a friend get me in contact with a recruiter and she promptly responded to the initial email they copied me on, then I responded and she hasn’t responded. How long should I wait to just go ahead and apply to the job??
I have 3-5 years of relevant experience, not consulting. Offered Consultant role. Quick turnaround time from interviews to offer letter. Similar compensation to current job. A little concerned about the culture and having to network in order to do work, as I'm very introverted. Also, layoffs. 

I don't want to turn down a good opportunity at a big firm, but this subreddit is scaring me off a bit lol.

Thoughts?

I am working in Deloitte USI. I m on maternity leave in this financial year for 26 weeks. How much hike/bonus I can expect next year may end??
I have my promotion discussion tomorrow and since the scatterplot system is changed in IRPM. My coach says he is not able to see the checkbox ( performing at next level ) for me. However, I think the people that I have got the snapshots from must have definitely done it since they told me that they will.

Is it because of the new system. I have no idea how it goes since it's my first time being up for promotion.
Also could It affect my chances of getting promoted ??

How would Deloitte know I have another job after 5/ on weekends? 
Planning on doing some virtual assistant or something like that to make extra money. But just wondering if there’s a way for Deloitte to find that out

Hi, will be taking CMA exam this January. Which service line aligns best with CMA? 

Will greatly appreciate your insights!
I haven’t been able to find a ton of info/data on this position but wondering if anyone who is in this role or has been in this role has had any luck with negotiating their offer? Reading other posts re: salary negotiation don’t seem super encouraging so wondering if it’s worth it or not
Which of these is more reliable?
Hi I want to know if there’s anything else I can do to secure an internship. 

Info: Junior studying business analytics, 3.4, unique work experience with lots of transferable skills, great at talking to people/hard working, target school, go to every Deloitte campus event, talk to every recruiter+employee, linkedin connections etc

Any help or advice is tremendously appreciated, I really want to intern at Deloitte.
As I'm reviewing snapshots and loops received and then sending out new ones for this current period, I see that a very small percentage of the previous ones include comments and I wish that more of them did. I want to know more about how I can improve (or more about how I'm awesome) even if it is minor tweaks like "delegate more" or "could be more clear in their requests". I know that sometimes that they add extra time to the process but even 1 or 2 short comments can add value to a sometimes rote activity. 

This post brought to you by me feeling like I was doing a crappy job on all fronts but then reading a super sincere Loop response about how I'd helped somebody through their growing pains as a new manager which was followed by a request that I do more "Here's how to do X" training sessions. So now I've got actionable improvement criteria along with a warm and fuzzy that I'm not a failure. However, the lack of diversity/quantity in the responses makes me wonder if people were lazy or if they were afraid of retaliation or if they assume that no one reads them so why bother. Looking at my snapshots, there are mostly 0 comments and the ones that have comments are very generic responses so not helpful in helping me figure out if I'm actually delivering the way I need to be for my team.  

The comments, good and bad, can help those who want to improve, to improve. If there are no comments, there will be no change.   


**Snapshot comments**: Give clear constructive responses. Include the good but don't skip over problems in the making. (Note: ime, people skip giving negative feedback in snapshots because then they'd have to admit that they hadn't tried to work with the individual to fix the performance issue). They shouldn't be long but a "After struggling with accuracy in the first draft of deliverable 1, they were able to resolve the data issues to get documents up for review with time to spare" is much more useful for the practitioner, the coach and the person completing the snapshot than no comments at all. I've also included comments like "As an SC they need to be more proactive in delegating tasking in order to free themselves up for more valuable work". (Please don't make me have to the be the person that has to click the "at risk for low performance" button just because you don't want to deal with telling someone that they are not working to level on your project, or the project before yours, and allowing them to coast until you rolled them off and they ended up on my project and have the practitioner and their coach all surprised). If someone is doing a great job, say that. It may be the thing that brightens their day when they've berating themselves for not being perfect. 

  
**Loop comments**: No SC/M/SM/PPMD is perfect. Even the well liked 'good guys' have things they can be better at - be it timely response, making sure people have the full deal context etc.  If you are afraid of retaliation because you say negative things, make sure you put your comments in such a way that it is hard to trace to you particularly so skip the "on 10/10 X told us to sign off at 5pm but then called me to berate me at 9pm for not completing a task he assigned at 7pm" comments. Instead try "X contacts team members after hours looking for updates on tasking that hadn't been assigned until after work hours the same day." But if someone is abusive, regularly expects the unreasonable (6pm is not unreasonable, midnight probably is), it will never change if the issue is not recorded. On the flip side, if they do something that you find valuable to you or your work life, please note this as well.   


Context: I am an experienced hire with an extensive career in Industry and moving to Consulting has been an adjustment on every single front over the last year-ish. The snapshot/loop construct is the best of the 360 review systems I've seen, but people actually giving useful comments could make them better. 
I went through all the interviews and got feedback that they liked me but there’s a hiring freeze and I wont hear back till early 2024. What is the likelihood?
How long does it usually take to receive the lump sum of salary continuation once you notify the company?
Hi! I signed my offer letter for position of Cyber Risk Analyst. However, I would be graduating in May 2024 and my start date would be around September 2024. I wanted to know if someone has been through this procedure already or if someone know what steps of communication is usually done within the span of one year till your joining. There has been no communication from Deloitte after signing my offer letter but then there is no need for any communication right now since my start date is almost year after. Is it normal for not having any communication after signing offer letter?

Thanks in advance!
Have anyone who interview for commercial BTS for full time heard back yet?
I had a consulting interview earlier today at 9:30 EST and haven’t heard back yet. They said I’d get a call today if I make it for the 2nd round tomorrow. Lemme know if you think I should still stick around the phone or if the ship probably sailed.
I was referred to work there (at the Albany, NY) office earlier this year, but then my connection told me there has been a hiring freeze. Is this true for many office locations?
I mainly learned Excel, PPT. Is Business Analyst the only thing one can do?
Two weeks ago, I participated in a technical interview for a Java developer role(USDC) and received good feedback. Last week, I had a behavioral interview, and yesterday, the recruiter informed me that I also received positive feedback for the behavioral interview. However, the recruiter quickly followed up by saying that there are currently no open positions available but that they will reach out to me when there are openings. My current company contract is ending soon, i need an immediate job change. When can I expect an update from recruiters? or should I consider this as a soft rejection?


Hi everyone, 

Just wondering how perks at work discounts work? Could I technically use as many as I want? Also with hotels, these deals could be used for personal use? Could I just use this site anytime I needed to book a hotel for personal use? A bit confused haha. Thanks!
Deloitte US staff paid bigger share of revenue after hiring battle - Big Four firm is now seeking to cut costs as demand for consulting work recedes 

Now, pressure on profit margins has led the Big Four to seek cost reductions.  Deloitte has resumed the tough annual performance reviews that it and other firms used before the pandemic to push out unwanted staff. It has also announced lay-offs, including a round in April that affected at least 1,200 people, concentrated in the financial advisory business that has been affected by a decline in merger and acquisition activity. 

Paywall free [https://archive.ph/hEI2U](https://archive.ph/hEI2U) 

[https://www.ft.com/content/a4a0f400-96ac-48a1-9135-68f9d53867ad](https://www.ft.com/content/a4a0f400-96ac-48a1-9135-68f9d53867ad) 

How thorough does Deloitte do their background check? I was terminated last year (not because of illegal activity) and I have an interview in the next couple of weeks. I want to say “no” to the question of: 

“a reprimand, suspension, termination of employment or severance of association or other disciplinary action against you at your workplace because you were found to have violated a professional standard or an ethical or other policy or practice at your workplace” 

because i assume that would be something like committing fraud. will they find out if i said “no”?
Hi, I just recently finished new hire orientation for the SJ/SF office and currently have 2 weeks of unassigned days. Was wondering if anyone can confirm that if I actually have to go into office because I will literally have nothing to do there...

Tried searching through deloittenet on their hybrid policy but the resources mostly say that it depends on your team/client. During orientation they mentioned something about a teams chat that unassigned people are in so they can be on standby, but since I'm a first year that doesn't know anything and am not in the teams chat currently, I don't think even they expect me to be on standby.

Any information will be greatly appreciated!
Hi there,

I wanna start off by saying I'm very lost and have zero guidance. Fresh grad, new hire and all. Idk what the DC Pension plan is and what is good for me etc. Same with their plans w sunlife - biweekly payments for some basic healthcare stuff like physio/dental really has me concerned. I don't need dental coverage as much as physio/Chiro and ik the core plan doesn't cover that. 

I was reading something about getting money for things that aren't covered too? Deloitte Dollars or something?

Any advice? Or anywhere I should be looking? 

Btw I'm in Canada.
If you were laid off what are you doing? It’s been really difficult mentally. I haven’t told
my parents and I feel like such a disappointment. However, I also feel hopeful and like I have been given the opportunity to hit restart and find a career I’m passionate about.
I’ll start off by saying this…I am grateful to have a job. 

Now moving on!

I’m tired of being confused all the time. I’m constantly put on projects that I know nothing about and it’s beyond frustrating. I’m 1-2 years into my career and I hate being confused. I always feel dumb because I know nothing about the project topics. I understand that this is growing pains, but I know I can not be the only one.

Please do not say, “Ask questions.” I do…and I always get ghosted. I don’t care if I look bad at this point. It sucks I know, but I’m tired.

Didn’t follow my own rule… RFA US🦅
Hello, I’m a commercial RFA analyst in a very technical role. While still undecided on my plans to attend grad school, if I do it would be for an MBA or MS in CS. To my knowledge, the only program through D is GSAP (which is also only available to Consulting). This makes sense considering the new hire to MBA to SC pipeline culture is so strong in professional services, but I was wondering if Deloitte has any other offers available to non-Consulting professionals or for other masters programs?

If not, it is hard to sit by as my friends in CS roles make low to mid six figures with 1 YOE and work 30 hours a week 🤣 May have to think about my career plan after reaching consultant!
Hi all, I have an interview for an internship position in Business Technology consulting next week. I was wondering if anyone had any advice or tips for the case portion of the interview! Thanks!

Hi everyone. 

I'm a campus hire. I interned at D from January of this year to June. I began working as full time Analyst from July. 

During my internship I worked on Apex programming on Salesforce (which was quite a task as we didn't receive any training, so it was mostly taking help from Stackoverflow or ChatGPT). I wouldn't say I learnt anything good technically in those 6 months.

I hoped during full time I could request and shift to a data analytics based project because it's something I'm actually good at. My education background is that of Masters in Math and Computer Science. 

However on requesting this to the Resource manager before being staffed on a project, I was told I gotta continue with Salesforce for 2 years, post which i could choose a domain of my choice. 

Ended up being staffed on the same project, however I ended up getting admin work which is extremely monotonous along with just documentation work. 

Got in touch with my Manager requesting if i could get a data analytics based project, I was told to connect with peers to find an opening internally. That hasn't been very helpful as well. 

Although I've made sure to put in my 100% in the work I'm currently doing, it pains me that I don't get to utilise my brain and contribute so much more. 

I've been looking to switch, but given the terrible job market, getting callbacks as a fresher with 4 months of (not relevant) work experience has been next to impossible. 

Can anyone tell me if there is any scope for me internally at D, or should I continue to apply elsewhere with the hope of getting callbacks?

(I have personal projects and certifications on Data Analytics)
Hello,

I'm starting at Deloitte tomorrow and still haven't received my work laptop. I got an email that I must log in from the work laptop on my first day.

Has anyone experienced this same issue and can guide me?

Cheers.
Update: It was a general talent call only in which they asked how are you feeling and are you looking your future with Deloitte or not. 
I am waiting for my last CPA exam to end after that I am leaving this firm. It has become so toxic that I can’t do anymore.
Considering report a manager to the integrity helpline as the teamis notallowed to charge time because it'sa small client. What happens when youe report someone to the integrity helpline. Do they know that you reported them?
Hi! I'm doing the winter Audit internship next year and was wondering what is the typical time frame? Does it usually end at the end of march? Or go into April? 
Hi everyone. Currently I work at Deloitte Portugal as Experienced Tech Senior (Frontend developer) and in the last 5 years I worked mainly in projects in Canada (remotely). I would like to move to USA. Does anyone know if a transfer is possible and how can I request for it?
Thank you all in advance 😊
Basically title but I have a family friend that works at deloitte and I don't know if they can refer me for this particular internship. Does anyone know if they can or can't?
For context, I will be joining as an entry-level Solutions Engineering analyst. I originally applied as Business Technology Solutions analyst, but I was referred to SE after my interviews. However, I do not have a CS major and have limited coding experience, but still performed well on the assessment and showed my interest in technology.

Will I be restricted to coding jobs as a SE analyst? I have an interest in the business side as well as the technical side. I like the opportunity to gain more technical skills and experience, but I don't want that to be the main focus during my time at Deloitte.   


Is the career path flexible? How would I go about partaking in projects and not be holed into coding work, but instead more business-side work (the reason I pursued consulting). I guess I'm curious as to how it works once I get into this 'profile' as a SE analyst. I appreciate any insights!
Hey all, I’m using a burner account for reasons (you’ll see why). Do you guys remember flowerpuff girl? The new analyst who kept complaining left and right? Well I think I saw her last Friday.

 I work out of the rockefeller office. I was on the 32nd to attend a client meeting. But I thought of making myself some coffee before attending. The office is pretty quiet on Sunday so I was shocked to see a line at the coffee maker on the 32nd. At the front of the line is this lady profusely searching the fridge like a raccoon in a trash bin. I go up and ask her if she needs some help, she says no. A few minutes pass by and she’s still searching. 

Finally, she addresses the crowd by asking if anybody took her oat milk box. I’m happy she addressed her internal struggles with Deloitte by finally bringing her own oat milk.

After a few minutes of her complaining that someone took it, someone pointed across the table and I shit you not said “isn’t that oat milk?”

Silence. She quickly ran to it, verified it was hers and walked away in embarrassment.

Dear flowerpuff, if you’re reading this I’m happy you finally have oat milk but sorry that you actually act like this IRL.
New here, what is the typical year on year salary increase (not including grade change)

And what is it based on.



Example for a: consulting manager

Thank you guys for sharing
Is it possible to get work visa through Deloitte itself?
Throwaway to keep anonymity.

I have been trying to transfer from one Deloitte UK office to another. The partner has told me that they want me to wait until I am an AM1 before transferring (will be June 2024), as the "paperwork for transferring S2s is much more complicated".

Has anyone else heard of this?
Hello everyone. I would like to share my experience with Deloitte Mexico.

I applied for a job. Here in Mexico with Deloitte in July. I have previous experience working in Deloitte chile so i had Hr interview then partner interview and all went very good they want to hire me. At that time I was new in Mexico and got my residence thru my mexican husband. The thing is this residence dont let me work here (kind of shit yeah). So I spoke to Legal lawyers at Deloitte and they said often sponsor visa for inmigrants. 

I asked if they could sponsor me to get the work permit and get hired. 1 week later my request was approved. The partner called me to give me the notice and that I have to wait several weeks (8 to 10) because the lawyers will work in my case. 

I called RH 9 weeks later asking for update and at this point everything went so weird because they said lawyers were not responding. 

3 weeks later I got response saying they finally sent my case to Mexican inmigration institute. And will take about 2 weeks to be approved

Have someone experienced similar situation in Mexico or another country with Deloitter visa sponsor and got hired succesfully? I want to know someones personal experience!

Thanks in advance for your answers❤️
Does anybody know when the PERM pause is supposed to get lifted? I literally just became eligible to start the green card process and am worried the delayes will screw up everything…
New GPS campus hire who has been on the bench since I started, a little over two months now. I’ve been trying to get staffed on my first project but it’s taking time and I receive emails every week about my utilization. I have a meeting with my PPMD OP leader next Monday about it. The email seems to be more positive than negative but obviously gives me anxiety. Should I be concerned about this or is it part of the process for campus hires?
I am looking to apply for Deloitte Houston office.
How is the culture over there?
I'm a part of the cohort of **Covid Hires** due to "**market demand**" in 2021.  I had an excellent performance year last year with high marks and great feedback and won 4 awards. My coach and I met a few months before year end, and we reviewed all performance data at that time. Coach said I was doing everything I was supposed to do, and my performance looked good. What came as a shock to me, I was labeled a "Low Performer" based on due diligence collected from my coach. The feedback presented back to me were lies and contradicted the data and feedback of my snapshots, data and even loop feedback. One of the feedback items was really pulling at straws to create something. It seems none of that was even considered, but rather a person who gave verbal feedback with malicious intent. Why would they do that? I can only assume but the client and project team didn't care more for this person and gave me accolades which maybe caused some jealousy. Also, I had to speak with this person about concerns the project team had about their behavior, which I can again assume this person didn't like, but as a manager its part of my job to promote a positive work environment.

How do I handle this situation or combat it, or put my version on record? I feel like this is crazy-making and gaslighting. The problem with due diligence is that it is subjective. Why does Deloitte have to harm someone's good reputation, livelihood, and mental health, rather than just lay them off if they want them out.  I am currently staffed on a long-term project with a specialized skill set.

Any guidance on how to navigate this is appreciated. Thank you!
Last year one of my teammates moved from Rosslyn to Denver, and he was explaining to me that the process for moving locations is to just do it and tell Deloitte later, otherwise there will be pushback or something? So he moved, and I suppose everything went well because his office is now Denver according to DPN.

However, I'm moving from Rosslyn to Albuquerque, where I thought there was an office but I guess there isn't anymore. Which is weird because I swear I went to DU a year ago, and the keynote speaker said he was traveling from the ABQ office. I might be misrmembering?

Anyways- what happens if you have to move to a location that doesn't have an office? Will my home office just be the closest one even it's in a different state? I want to do this maneuver in a way that creates the least amount of waves.

Thanks all
1. When will I get assigned my coach/buddy?

2. For the well being subsidy, can I get airpods or apple watch? And do I need to buy it with my own money and then manually enter the expense for reimbursement?

3. How does the smartphone program work? Do I have to go to softcell/zones website and order from there? Since I don't have AMEX, can I pay using my own card? And will I get it for discounted price only? Or do I have to pay the whole amount and then get the INR 25000 reimbursement?

Please clarify and feel free to DM. Thanks.
I recently received an offer from Deloitte for a BTS (Business Tax Services) position. However, my true interest has been in real estate taxation. Could someone kindly explain the process of transitioning into the Real Estate Tax Group at Deloitte once I've accrued some experience in my current role? I'm somewhat confused about when I'll have the opportunity, if at all, to make this choice, especially considering that I won't be selecting specific clients to work with during my initial years.

Should I even accept this offer or opt for my alternative offer at EY FSO. Is it feasible to leverage my position at EY to eventually transition into the Real Estate Tax Group there? Both offers are for positions in the Los Angeles offices, and I find myself a bit perplexed about which path to pursue.
https://www.goingconcern.com/layoff-watch-23-deloittes-up-to-something/
Advisory, US

Will be not be on a project soon. Never really took PTO before and don’t want my utilization to go down. 

Does taking PTO keep your utilization the same? Considering taking off 4 weeks since the likelihood of being staffed before Christmas is not very high.
I just interviewed for an internal strategy job (national consulting) and am unsure how the enabling talent model works. I know it’s not up or out, and the career path depends on what roles are open so you can be in one role for several years. I’ve always thought about internal consulting but am trying to assess fit.

Anyone have context on how pay/AIP/benefits differ between the traditional and enabling talent models?
If I am below the utilization target for my promotion year (specifically analyst to consultant), is there no chance of promotion? I had been on the bench for a couple of months, but I did quite a few firm initiatives during that time. Not sure what I should do in this case

I was interviewing with Deloitte and another firm earlier this week. The next day I got an offer from the other firm but Deloitte is still my preferred employer. So I updated the recruiter at Deloitte about my offer. 

Below is Deloitte’s response: “Thank you for letting me know. We will have a decision for you by next week. If you could please hold before making a decision with the other firm that would be great.”.

Can I interpret this as a good sign or a bad sign? Deloitte is like my dream company so I am nervously waiting for their decision now.
Update: I got a verbal offer 1 week after the interview. Thank you for your comments.
Just got a US Audit Super Squad Applause Award. Also scheduled to receive one more next month. Do these awards really matter in performance evaluations?
I'm getting emails to review my performance snapshot hours. But since I've been on the bench for a while, I have no billable hours to report.Do I just ignore these emails? Can't imagine submitting a snapshot with no charge code or hours.
Is it hard to get staffed right now?

Are you worried about layoffs?
I’m wanting to buy a Sonos Arc soundbar.
I thought Deloitte was a good company to work for. But I am now in a shock after finding this sub. Should I avoid it for account executive role in NL?
It's begun.

HCOL Audit senior. 

Getting laid off today. High performer, good relationships with my team and everyone I work with. It seems that it's just somewhat random. 

Feel free to ask any questions/more information.
Hi, I’m a new hire (started last Monday) and today is my first day WFH. I want to start getting my WFH set up nice and I want to get some type of docking station so that I can use 2 monitors, a keyboard, and a mouse (without having to use my keyboard on my laptop)

Does anyone have any recommendations? I have no idea what I should look for. 

Thanks!
Hi!

One month ago i’ve been off board from a project as a dev. Last week, one of the functional guys asked me if he can send me feedback. I know that it will be a negative feedback from him and i would like to refuse it. How can i do that?
I got laid off today but my applause award was on the way. My manager nominated me for the award 2 weeks ago and still have not got an approval email. My last day is tomorrow so I want to take care of this before my departure. 

Does anyone know who approves applause award and who I should reach out to regarding this?
Hi! I recently interviewed for a position and I was wondering how long after the interview for internships do you get the verbal offer? Apparently, I am supposed to get a phone call within two weeks notifying me of their decision. 
(Consulting) 

The projects I've been on the last 3 months have been completely understaffed and everyone panicking to hit deadlines that are completely unrealistic and yet the are cutting people loose. Corporate world sucks a big D.
I had to work once a month on weekends for 5 hours so I billed 50 hours. Partner rejected my timesheet. So I sent a follow up email to my manager copied RM and partner. Why was my timesheet rejected when I was scheduled to work on Sunday. Now I’m told my performance does not meet expectations and they have to let me go
Just curious if anyone has any idea or data points on when D typically announces something regarding refreshing a subsidy like the Hybrid Commuting.

Thanks.

Edit: thanks for all responses, I will go into the office probably only once or twice in the next year then lol
Hi everyone!  


I'm a UX Designer that recently made the pivot from marketing&advertising into UX over a year ago. I recently have accepted an offer for my first ever UX role for a startup but have always been interested in joining Deloitte for their GPS practice. I have an undergrad degree in International Relations and have always been interested in bringing my creative and research skills into working on government projects.  


I was curious how one would approach trying to get a job at Deloitte for UX or even design strategy. I have already started networking around with people at Deloitte but I've been seeing a ton of layoffs at the company at large. Would attempting to try to work for Deloitte with my background be impossible without being a recent college grad?   


I'm trying to figure out this pipeline but just confused and a little lost. I do recognize it will be a long and hard journey, and I know the UX market is over saturated right now. But would love to know you folks experience with being a UX Designer there and how you got there.
I was laid off yesterday without warning. I’m in my mid 20s and this is my first time going through a layoff. I’m still in shock and I’m feeling pretty sad and depressed. Any tips on what to do from here?

I was in A&A/Advisory/GPS in Canada.
Questions for unemployment about my layoff, if anyone can help answer:
1. My final day of work, after lay off, was 9/13/2023 and I was given 4 weeks of severance pay. Does that mean my severance pay ends 10/11/2023 and the last paycheck I get will be on that day?

2. Further, looking through my paystubs from my layoff date adjustment stub, the 9/22 stub and now the 10/6 stub, I am not seeing my PTO being paid out, does anyone know when I will get that?
Incoming A&A associate in January 2024 here. I was wondering if you can put in an office transfer prior to starting? I am looking to move out of my current city, it’s too expensive for young professionals.

If so, what does the process entail? 

Thanks
Had a pretty fun interview today with two people from the tax department this morning. I was wondering what it is okay to send follow up thank you email? Today is Thursday, should I send it Friday or wait for Monday?
Hello,

If I were to resign, and was offered immediate release and salary in lieu of notice period. 

1. The salary of notice period they provide me of, will those account as experience?
2. If I want to serve the notice period, will the company refuse me to? 

I have 1.7 years of experience, notice period is 3 months, I want to get that even number 2, however unsure if the company will in some rare instance decide not to let me continue in notice period.
For those who applied as a freshman to Deloitte discovery this year or last year what is the typical timeline? You apply, get the hirevue, get the interview, and then offer.... but what is timeline? 
What exactly do they do? My RM told me to have a conversation with him.. not sure what to expect
I can honestly think of no better representation of the reductionism and hollowness of corporate DEI than having people introduce themselves by their national flags instead of their name.  "Oh wait, you thought you were an individual with like, thoughts, feelings, and opinions?  Lol no your only value here is these immutable characteristics you have so we can wear you as a merit badge during the all hands call.  Now get back to work."  Am I the only one that found this awkward as well as borderline degrading?
Have anyone heard back from their full time interview yet?
Mr. D from uncle D confirmed very very low single digit % of involuntary attrition .. what is the number,  do we know and which offerings will be impacted the most .
Some of you are apparently being paid by the number of times you click the zoom reaction button ( ❤️ or 😊 ) in this meeting.
I received the email last night and have a meeting today at 4 EST. I have a couple questions regarding being laid off as this is my first time. 

The meeting invite does not have a HR rep attending the meeting. I thought HR was supposed to be there during this. Could this mean it’s about something else?

What should I say/do during the meeting? 

A little background - I have been at the company for 1.5 years and I am RFA Cyber. I have great snapshots and decent utilization (beginning of year was tough). I just got off a project and was about to join another one. I am getting my masters in cybersecurity (which they know about) which will be complete in about 6 months. They highly suggested to get my masters so I did. I am paying out of pocket as I do not get financial aid. I feel like I should ask for more severance because I am paying out of pocket for school and it was something they suggested I do. 

Any help would be appreciated.
My coach mentioned that I know stuff but my presentation skill is average & clients and SM have provided feedback that I should learn to speak like a consultant. English is my 2nd language but given years of experience it’s accepted that I need to speak if I want to make it to SM.

1) Low self esteem - I feel others know better than me. How can I raise my condition and self esteem ? 

2) No articulation - How can I articulate well to present my suggestion.

3) judgement - I feel client is shaming me at backend ( goes back to me getting bullied ) in my carrier. 

4) Bully colleagues - SM in my project hates me and bullied me he will shame my idea in front of client in a bad way. One time he mentioned “Think before I talk” to which client replied to him saying he is not wrong. How do you handle such things ?
I’m on my way out of the company after 2 years and enough mental health problems to last me a life time, so I wanted to check in on what people who have also left are doing right now?
I was laid off today. Told yesterday that it was happening. Sucks. But if anyone has any leads on opportunities let me know - I was in HR Consulting - specifically WFM/Infor.
Has anybody ever collected the severance payments AND a new paycheck after being laid off? Any backlash and/or repercussions?   They say let them know a day before starting the new job and you get a lump-sum but not sure if they make you wait for the lump-sum or would it be better just to keep collecting the biweekly payments.
Hi all (practitioner in the US) - apologies if this isn't appropriate to post but two months ago I received a Pituitary Tumor diagnosis. Its benign and I'm receiving treatment which is good however it feels isolating at times. My care team tells me this tumor can be common. Since Deloitte is so large, has anyone else had a similar diagnosis? Would love to connect with others via private message to share personal experiences!
This was my second round it went really good, it was with a managing director and he said he really wanted to keep in contact and hoped for the best so we could talk more. I feel like thats a good sign? what do you all think.

Hello everyone! I have my first round interview in a week for Deloitte's business technology solutions analyst. It is a 30 min case interview and a 30 min behavioral interview. Do you guys have any advice on how I should best prepare for this interview. I have looked at the two cases specific to the role on the website. Also my technical knowledge is very limited. Are there any resources that you you would recommend to me? 
Can anyone explain what this is? Do I want to try and qualify? Is this better for me or the firm?
I’ve been trying to apply for M&A Analyst roles in Deloitte after completing my MS Finance but they only seem to be hiring from the inner big 4 circle. Seems like you need to have a name on your resume to even get an interview. Any tips on how to get through the application stage? Also, i have passed my CFA Level 1 and did my bachelors in Eco

Hi, I have an LLB (roughly equivalent to JD) and am a fully qualified (not practising) attorney in Australia. I have recently started at Deloitte in tax in the USA, and am wondering if the firm still requires me to take the CPA exam. Would be interested to learn if anyone has been in the same situation. Thanks.
What was your experience and should I be worried ? Any good recommendations on how to prepare
I am working on a project that will likely be extended into the new year. The project I am on has no traveling and is all remote. I’ve been on it for nine months now and have a good handle on things. I am currently considering getting a bartending job to make some extra money part time after my project hours. I wanted to know if this would be something I would have to talk to my managers and senior consultants about 

-Thanks
Deloitte global revenue was at $65 billion for year 2023, but Deloitte is still on-going with massive layoffs. 

[https://www.consultancy.eu/news/9310/deloitte-doubles-global-revenues-to-65-billion-in-space-of-a-decade#:\~:text=Global%20accounting%20and%20advisory%20firm,percent%20on%20the%20year%20prior](https://www.consultancy.eu/news/9310/deloitte-doubles-global-revenues-to-65-billion-in-space-of-a-decade#:~:text=Global%20accounting%20and%20advisory%20firm,percent%20on%20the%20year%20prior).
Could some of you guys please review the resume and let me know what's wrong with it as I am not getting any calls????

Thanks a lot!
Got the email this morning ;,) so obviously spending the day preparing for my exit before the meeting. What can/should I be doing to make the most of my exit? Spend well-being? Update/send resume obviously... anything else?
Any one who has unfortunately gone down this path know:

How many hours of PTO they pay you out for if you have excess days?

Insight on severance and how long health benefits last post termination?

Are there any channels within Deloitte to help folks get a job externally?

Asking for a friend :’(
Hello! Newly hired into a senior role in Enabling Areas with a couple questions: 

I'm very much enjoying the work and the group I'm in so far, but something I haven't inquired about yet in my first month is how AIP percentages compare to the other business units. Unlike some of the other hires in consulting who joined with me last quarter, my written offer included 'AIP eligible' without a written percentage. I know I could ask my OBA or Coach, but it's a bit of an awkward conversation to bring up compensation, especially considering the already generous offer that brought me into the firm. My last role was arguably much more challenging and demanding and the bonus structure was awful, so it'd be hard to disappoint me, but is there any insight here?

Second, I know advancement beyond CL4/Lead/Senior is role-based: how much in-firm experience is typically 'suggested' before you apply to an open manager position?  I'm sure it's a situation where you'll know you're ready when you're ready, but my last corporate role had pretty strict unspoken time-in-position requirements before you could seek advancement opportunities in middle-to-upper management. I'm not expecting a sprint to the top here nor am I looking yet, but I will be completing a T15 MBA next year and I'm sure once I have more time to dive into the work and extracurriculars, I'll be itching to lead bigger initiatives and seek out more growth opportunities in earnest.  
Thanks everyone!
I’m specifically talking about entry-level roles like an associate. How long did it take for Deloitte to either send you an offer or reject you? Thank you
Is it just me or does anyone else hate when their team books a conference room for the day? If your role requires use of excel or evaluating multiple documents, it is extremely annoying to be stuck at a round table when you need a second screen to be more efficient. I wish managers understood this! Please book seats that are close by rather than a conference room. Those rooms are for talking! Not pushing out work papers.
What will be the average salary of  A&A senior in Germany like in Munich or Frankfurt?
Not sure how this works in other firms, but I’m meandering my way through the required training and I’m at the integrity one now.

Most of the trainings so far have been your typical “two employees obviously reading a script”, but this one is…inexplicably good? I’m not sure what happened here, but they must’ve hired actual actors for this.

Anyways, I don’t really have a point to this post, just maybe a shoutout to whoever they hired to do this one.
Hi basically so I fill my time sheet every Friday and last Friday it was really late and I was unable to access dte so my whole week’s time was pending. I submitted it today. Would I be in trouble? This is the first time this has happened. Would it be counted as 1 missing time sheet or 5? I’m panicking hard and any insight would be greatly appreciated. Also, I’m due for a promotion this year, would this one instance have an impact on that and the rating?
I’m set to start Summer/Fall 2024 in Audit and was wondering if a yearly bonus is given to a first year or second year? Was talking to a friend that starts with EY and her starting salary is significantly higher than mine but she said maybe it’s because we get huge bonuses. I have talked to several people with Deloitte and no one has mentioned a yearly bonus, just a yearly raise. Also, I know we get bonuses for getting our CPA license, is there a raise that comes with that too? EY also gives them a raise along with a bonus so was just curious. Thanks in advance!!
Hi,
I am a recent graduate and I applied for the sustainability graduate program at Deloitte. Did the online assessment ( case+ behaviour). Got a feedback report. Today I received an email which was pretty vague but said they would be reviewing applications till the closing date but also asked me to prepare for interviews in the meantime. So what should I be expecting in the next step if I do actually get that interview call ? Honestly I have not gotten an interview call before for a big girl job . This is kind of the first one. I have no experience with this. It was all back to back automated rejection emails and I DESPERATELY want to get into this and build a career and pay off student loans.
Edit : it comes under RISK ADVISORY if anyone’s wondering
 I am interviewing for the Accounting & Internal Controls analyst role with Deloitte Government & Public Services Risk & Financial Advisory and i am trying to prepare now for the 30 min behavioral interview. from past experiences is there anything i should know before the interview? as well as any knowledge on this role. Also how many applicants make it to the 2nd round?
My parents (non Deloitte) are traveling and asked me if they could use Deloitte's discounts. Has anyone done this before or know if it's allowed?
I got a round 2 interview for risk and financial advisory and i know it’s behavioral but does anyone have a feel for what type of questions i will get. Specifically are they self reflection questions more so about me characteristically or my behavior on a team?
Hello!

I have interviewed at Deloitte and will certainly get a position on their customer and marketing team where you will build crm systems for customers mainly salesforce. I'm now wondering if this is a good path for me to take, as salesforce/crm seems very niche which could keep me stuck there long term. Is there anyone who works with this and has experiences to share? Is it fulfilling for someone that likes to code? Also what is it like to work as a developer at these consulting companies? WLB? etc.

A little bit about me, I'm in my final year of computer engineering. I like to work with frontend, such as react, next, etc. Could also work backend with java etc. 

This is in Europe!
I thought I would do something that might help or motivate those here on Reddit.  I left Deloitte after 16 years and moved to a new company.  I voluntarily left because I wanted to advance my career without having to go down a partner path, and decided to move on.  I didn't want to sell or be client focused around the 5 year mark, so I knew eventually I'd need to move on.   

I know a few things about how to navigate the firm.  I also recognize these may be viewed as old-school, or something you don't buy into.  I'm just offering some perspective.  Take it how you want. 

My advice;  use these tips.  ALL OF THEM. Just play the game and do these things and you'll be heading in the right direction.

1. Dismiss the notion of work-life balance early in your career.  It is work-work balance until you get to manager.  Just expect you will work 50 hours minimum every week.  Some weeks it's going to be 60.  If you are working more than 50 at manager, you are a shitty manager.
2. Don't compromise quality.  This is why you work so much...because everything you do and produce exceeds on quality.  it's the best shit people have seen.  I'm not saying to goldplate things, I'm saying that your shit needs to be differentiated from the crap other people are slinging.  If you develop, your code is the best.  If you manage projects, you are early and under budget.  if you do UI/UX, you are in a class of your own.
3. Learn to speak with eloquence, with jargon, in consulbtantese, and focus your conversations on value, impact, customer delight, and the like.   Take classes.  join Toastmasters.  Polish how you sound, your intonation, everything.  Don't underestimate how quickly you can get past the bullshit if you sound a level or two more advanced than you are.  Then learn to understand the difference between Stakeholder Management Planning and Stakeholder Engagement Planning and talk circles around people.
4. Double/triple major, particularly in things that we are actively selling or going after. Sorry for you software developers...but you are the most replaceable people in the firm.  Personally, excellent PM's are never laid off.  Neither are good solution architects, AI solution engineers.
5. If you credentialize, use it.  Don't get a PMI cert and then not talk like a PM.   Don't get an Agile cert and not use it.  Don't get a tech cert and not immediate apply it.  And then make sure everyone knows you are applying it, and set a new standard of excellence on the team around it.  Lead by example.
6. Don't do bullshit for your firm initiatives.  Back to #1 why you work so many hours.  If your are just contributing to something, you are helping someone else achieve the E in their YE (firm initiatives count for 25% of your YE evaluation).  You need to LEAD something that is driving value and making impact.  yes...analysts you can do this.  plan to spend 5-10 hours weekly driving something like this.
7. See a gap...fill a gap.  This one separates the wheat from the chaff.  if your peer is going to drop the ball.  Catch it.  If your PM is missing something, make sure they have it.  If someone asks for help, drop everything and provide it (especially the PM and up).  When something needs to get done, just say "I got it" and volunteer to eat that shit sandwich.

Do these 7 things...every day, consistently.  You'll never be in the cross hairs of a layoff...here or anywhere.

I'm going to clean it up and let you guys flame it all you want.  I encourage the perspectives regardless of what you believe.  
So I am still in touch with few partners at Big D after layoff. From meetings it turns out that people at PPMD level are just stresses out because businesses has been slow.
Does Deloitte ask for transcripts for new grads/new hires? I had a 3.3 but it dropped to a 3.1 after my grandfather passed away last semester. Based on a GPA calculator it should be a 3.29 by the time I graduate this semester. I have an interview coming up and I was wondering if Deloitte asks for official transcripts for new grad hires, as I think the position says a 3.3 is required on the website. Just really anxious that I will miss a great opportunity for myself because of this. Thank you!
Hi guys! I got offer letter from deloitte last week on Wednesday. I signed the offer letter and asked them about further steps and if my salary could be negotiated a bit. But after that they haven’t responded me yet and almost a week has passed.

Could anyone let me know what could be the possible reasons? My joining date would be next year in September some time i.e., around September 2024. 

Update: Still no reply from anyone. I am just getting more and more anxious now atleast they should have told me what they are working on regarding my offer letter. Or atleast they should have confirmed they received my offer letter. I have sent mail to three different channels but no reply, it is looking like they completely have vanished from here. What is happening guys? Please help
Basically title: Found a new coach because primary coach will/has entered leave.  They are very knowledgeable but I don’t think we currently mesh. It’s early in our discourse, but I’d like to get ahead of this if switching coaches would be best. 

I’m a little bit worried they will draw more attention to me than necessary.  Also worried the meshing may not occur from the conversations had. 

Can a new coach stir up the hornets net so to speak?
Anybody work in valuation? What’s the wlb balance like? I’ve seen some interesting jobs listed but don’t want to get in over my head since I’m early 30’s starting family. Never worked in big 4 but have active CPA , top 50 MBA & a few years in valuation at a big PE firm
I wake up everyday wanting to gauge my eyeballs out of my skull because of how much I hate my project and this firm. I’m also stuck in GPS which isn’t what I want to do with my life.

Genuinely, how do you get a job outside of Deloitte? I feel like I go through interview after interview, make it to the end of the process, and then I don’t get the job.

I thought Deloitte had a big name. I was on a great project, have a stellar resume, really practiced my interviewing skills, but nothing sticks. Everyday I get more and more defeated.
I've never had a 1:1 with my Senior Manager for my workstream, but I'm under the impression that my performance is good. In the conversations I've had with him around other teammates and a PPMD, he has given me praise and recognized my efforts. Snapshots are all good; high rankings. But, for whatever reason, he won't have a 1:1 meeting with me.

After a bout of rescheduling over 10+ times, I finally decided it wasn't worth constantly rescheduling, so I stopped. I then had a conversation with my coach about having a 1:1 with him again, but I also told him how difficult it is to get a hold of him. Recognizing the need for then conversation, as well as career advancement, I decided to try again.

I set up another time block with him and he accepts. In a morning meeting he acknowledges I sent him a 1:1. Then, 5 minutes prior to the meeting, he asks to postpone until after business hours. I agree and change the time.

The time arrives, I get the meeting set up, and I wait. 10 minutes pass, I check his profile, and it says he's offline.

**TL;DR:** I've attempted to meet with my Senior Manager over 10 times, and most recently he no-call-no-showed after postponing it again twice.

So, to any other experienced individuals out there, what does this mean? How should I handle this?
I was supposed to onboard a project today and got word from my resource manager that they said the project hit a snag and is being delayed for a month. Now I know project delays happen and are becoming increasingly common, but the project was already sold and they already had people working on it. I am being paranoid and worried that they said that as an excuse to delay onboarding me because I am about to get the boot. Has this ever happened to anyone before? Do project leads know beforehand if someone is going to get laid off? 
Have 1 1/2 years of experience as an federal associate out of college. Got laid off from KPMG during the reduction in force in August. Have to choose between Senior Consultant (100k) at Booz or Consultant (95k) at Deloitte. These are both federal positions. For Booz I already have a team that I will be put into but at Deloitte will be a bench hire and will have help from the deployment team to place me into a project that I align with. 

I'm confused on where to go. Booz has more stability. Deloitte has a larger name and brand. I was not on a project for 2 months at KPMG which led to a drop in my utilization which is why I was picked out during the RIF. 

Any advice suggestions! Anything is appreciated.

In the USA.
Currently interviewing for GPS intern, wondering about clearance requirements? On campus recruiting. Not particularly interested for various reasons in cleared work and am wondering what that may look like if I cannot get a clearance? Will I have a potential offer revoked? The job posting did say applicants should be able to receive clearance but I do not think I will be able to currently. (Long term maybe).

&#x200B;

Thank you.
I am employed at Deloitte for over a year now in an EU country and would consider a temporary transfer for a year to one of the locations in the USA in the same business line. Could anyone who had such an experience share some insights of the process?
Hi y'all,

Was curious if there's another round of recruiting for Fall 2024 New Grad Consulting Roles. I was told this by an SC, but wanted to confirm.

Thanks!
I’ve commuted (driven) to a client site around 10 times over the past month and was unaware that mileage was part of the commuter benefit. Can I back log those miles? Just tally them up for the month? Any help is greatly appreciated. Thanks everyone.
I was laid off from Deloitte a couple months ago and I have been applying to places daily. It doesn’t make any sense that I barely hear back from companies. Coming out of college I had numerous offers and even before joining Deloitte I got an interview to most places I applied. Just not sure where to apply and what is going on. It is getting extremely frustrating.
Want to attend an all day AI conference in NYC during November. Is that the kind of thing I can get Deloitte to pay for? How do I go about this
I’m a September new hire.
How long does the interview process take for GPS PDM? It's been going on for well over a month, where I've had a discussion with a recruiter, an official first round interview two weeks ago, and no word since. I followed up with the recruiter 10 days ago and was told I'm being strongly considered and would definitely be at least hearing from someone last week, but I'm still waiting. I don't want to be a nuisance, but I am entertaining other jobs at this point (actually turned another one down) and want to know how much longer I should wait before taking something else...
The rejection letter from Deloitte always impresses me when I submitted a blank piece of paper for my resume.
I have applied for the summer vacationer programme for climate and energy advisory.  I was successful in the assessment centre and was asked to talk with the team manager. Any ideas what this may hold. To preface I was told that there are two positions and I was the only one to move past the AC.
For the past month, ive been working on my onboarding and today i try to log-in and it said that my email was no longer active. Has anyone ever had this issue? 
I booked everything for orientation, got everything that was due done. Just confused on what to do, thank you all!!
What do y’all think the meeting will be about, have a strong feeling they will mention more layoffs early in the call. Opinions ?
Hi , I am joining Deloitte starting from November as a Java Developer solution specialist USDC in Lake Mary , Florida location. Do you have any suggestions in terms of how i can do well and what things i can expect/prepare?

Also any good place where i can rent an apartment/room that is not too expensive?

&#x200B;
So far, I've got know how to use 

* excel or powerpoint 
* common sense
* be able to ask questions before its too late

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
What’s the salary per year for a Director in Deloitte India Consulting? I have read some articles mentioning 50 L, is it just salary or do they have commissions as well?
so there is a recent hire, very willing , comes from a marginalized group. Work on excel and powerpoint is extermly slow . the hours he is spending on the work are too many and i constantly find errors . The budget on this project is tight and there isnt scope for him to get trained on it. 

One excel excercise that should take 4 hrs is taking 16 hrs. What should i do ? tell the coach? or ask them to reduce the hours they are billing cause its not reasonable

&#x200B;
if i am based in Canada - can i work from the USA for one or 2 days?
Planning a vacation, but don’t enough PTO for it. Does the system allow you to go into the negative and then make it up as you accrue? Thanks.
What is the base or minimum salary for a consultant role in deloitte USI .and in case someone got promoted to consultant from analyst role..how much increment he gets
Its for India Location
How much typically a SM makes in consulting.
I know manager goes as high as 250k.
I was planning to apply to Deloitte Discovery internship as a freshman, if I don’t get selected into the internship would it hurt my chances in the future when I’m probably more qualified?
Hi everyone.

I want to apply for a graduate programme at Deloitte UK but will require visa sponsorship. I have my passport but do not hold any visa or right to work in the UK yet, and I wasn't too bothered since they said they'd take care of that process. 

Somehow, they're asking about my visa expiry date on the application form even after I specify that I don't have the right to work in the UK yet.

What should I do? Has anyone gone through this process when applying from abroad? Thanks in advance!
Hello, I recently got invited to interview for the role above, i am currently trying to prepare for it but don't know what to expect. 

They mentioned it is a behavioral and then a case study for the first round and then a case study for the second round. 

Has anyone interviewed for this before? any tips or tricks are highly appreciated! 

Thank you!
I'm a current senior and have applied to two positions. One for advisory and another for consulting for similar focuses (data engineering), but after research it seems like most say that it is a bad look and that Deloitte only allows for one application to go through for an interview. I applied for the consulting position, which is the position I really want, on 9/12 and applied for the advisory position a few days ago. Unfortunately, the application portal will not let me withdraw the application for advisory (nothing happens). 

Will applying to two positions have an effect of getting an interview for the consulting position? I'm aware that there are different recruiting teams for each but HR will be able to see that applied for both. Any thoughts would be appreciated.
curious if anyone has gotten away with buying pet-related items like a fancy litter box? probably a stretch but wanted to post and see
Joining GPS USDC soon. Is there a WFH allowance for things like office chairs or webcams? I thought I heard mention of that for full time employees as an intern but I can’t remember. Thanks!
I worked a DOD project long ago and they recently had an opining, I'm looking through my hire documents to see if it is written anywhere that any legal action can be taken against me if I apply and take the position.  


Is there anyone here that hapenes to know ?
Canadian here, our gov accepts ROEs (records of employment) electronically. These are generated at the end of employment and are used for tax and employment insurance purposes.   


While looking for my ROE after the layoff, I noticed they have actually submitted three, all within the last few months.   


It appears I dodged the first two cuts and was hit by the third.   


Interested if any other Canadians in the same boat have checked theirs, and if so, did you see multiple?
I’ve recently joined Deloitte. Just got assigned a coach. How do I approach her & what should my first conversation with her look like?
I'm currently pursuing a course and am curious if I can get an iPad for studying from the phone catalog.
Does anyone know anything about being Transferred to another market offering?
My manager supports me to get promoted for the next year. The questions is…I am from Risk data and the rest of them are from Compliance. He worried that there won’t be any PPMD to stand out and speak up for me in the process of promotion review meeting of my Market Offering.
He asked me if I want to be transferred to their group…
I was wondering of any difference, in terms of Salary, opportunities to be transferred back (obviously I won’t be stay forever in the current project), etc…
I was extended and accepted an offer this week to join Deloitte as an assurance and advisory manager, specifically within the technical accounting/ commodities group. Midwest market. 135k base plus 25k sign on. 

Overall is a super competitive offer but coming to Reddit and seeing all the posts about layoffs, I can’t help but think I made the wrong decision. Any thoughts or insights?
I am currently in RFA (Analyst) and plan to take 3 weeks off during Christmas holiday, so I get a whole month to visit my family.

Does anyone know the policy for going under 15 to 20 days of negative PTO? Is this allowed and how bad will this affect your utilization?

Thank you!
Body: Hi everyone, I am a new hire at Deloitte and I am working on my impact statement for my performance review. I want to make it as quantitative and specific as possible, but I am having trouble finding good examples of how to do that. Can anybody please share some examples of impact statements that use numbers, percentages, statistics, or other metrics that demonstrate the value and impact of their work? I would appreciate any guidance or tips on how to write a compelling impact statement. 
Thank you!
Boy, just yesterday I thought things were dying down on layoffs and I ended up deleting my thread about it. Just found out today that two people in my C&M practice were laid off this week. Both manager level, one with two years at the firm and one with 18 months. 

I feel really bad for the second guy because he was hired on seemingly to work one specific project, and then has spent almost a year on the bench. The firm pretty clearly let him down by bringing him on in the first place. 

This all sucks. I've been desperately trying to move on with no luck. I hate living in fear. I just want to give my family a decent life.

Edit: not in Canada, in the US. C&M here means customer and marketing. I'm in digital customer.
Hello,
I'm working for Deloitte USI in Consulting and I've completed a year and I'm not enjoying working for Consulting. I've been informed to choose what you wish to do, (work in a dept. of your choice/a specific role etc. ) you need to complete 18 months. What's been going around is that that's not true. So really don't know. 
I am willing to try though as I have interest in joining may be Enabling Talent or Marketing and Consumerism
Question 1: I understand Consulting pays you well but does Talent and Marketing maintain the pay scale or is it less?
Question 2: How can someone grow professionally in Talent?
Question 3: What would be a great company to get employed in for roles like Talent Acquisition if I consider leaving Deloitte?
Accepted a position for new grad, and was wondering a few more things about this role. My official title is “solution Analyst” if that helps. 

Questions:
Is it possible for me to obtain clearance?

Would I be traveling? And if so how much? 

Do I get a Deloitte Corporate Credit card? And if I do is lounge access available?

What type training can I expect once I start?


Thanks! Happy to have joined!
Hi! I am looking for advice about a take-home case interview

I recently got an interview for “Certified Technologist (SAP) New grad” role. The interview consists of a behavioural component and a 10 minute  take-home case.

I have no business experience. I have read about casing and stuff, but this looks like it’s actually a presentation. Any advice/ what this take-home case will look like would be much appreciated!
I was on bench and a manager reached out asking me to help on some project and charge my time to PRD. Wonder if it counts towards hours worked so potentially help my utilization rate?

I’m taking a stand against you inefficient Deloitte Reddit posters. I’m fighting for our rights to clarity. Please for the love of everything PUT your country in your Reddit post…title preferred. Thank you!

If you need help or advice, clarifying where you’re at helps significantly. Just food for thought

United States = US
United Kingdom = UK
Canada = CAN
Australia = AUS
India = IND

And so on

Edit: I’m US 🦅
Need advice/ways to connect

My partner has over 9 years of sales experience in the industry and he is looking to join Deloitte Canada. I have no idea on what role would be the most suitable for him within Deloitte and neither do I know whom to reach out to.

I always refer him through the portal and reach out to the HR, but I always get a standard reply!

Can anyone help me understand how I can help him get into Deloitte and which team/member would be the right contact point?
Layoffs are here folks, got mine yesterday. Senior/staffs are were way over hired in COVID and now they are cutting out the extras. Was still serving client and was in AY3 training this week when they pulled the plug. Pretty crazy to even believe, but take this as a warning as me, my teammates, and my coach were absolutely shocked and, the engagement team, were devastated to hear it as I had raving performance reviews as a S1. Beware folks cause just when you think you’ve made it they can rip it right away from you
Got a new job that has me starting in early November and I’m rolling off my project in a few weeks so I’ll have three weeks in between with bench time and the new job. I was planning to give a proper two weeks—so after a week on the bench—to be nice and also as I’ll have some handover with firm initiative work. I’ve read through my offer letter and have seen all the at will clauses (and no requirement to give 2 weeks) so is it likely I’ll be asked to leave sooner? Would it be better to just give a few days notice?
The Amount of people with fake experiences i see claiming to know SAP work is insane.


After four years at deloitte NSE, i truly think that i work in a scamming company, and no one cant fix it.


The partners are there to only sell, even if they cant differentiate between real SAP implementation and a shitty power point with some risk advisory bullshit.



The directors are there to only reduce cost of engagement so they can make more profit hoping to be partners next year.




 The SM/M only care about being utilized so they claim knowledge on anything that is available and hot (whatever the fuck that means) even if an analyst have more experience than them.



have seen one manager working on sap supply chain delivery and then next year doing AI automation bullshit, btw both of subjects he had zero knowledge about and they ended up hiring contractors to fix both work.



I am not claiming to be the person who knows all, i am far form it, but you need to put effort and time to gain knowledge, which is what you do to be true to yourself, and this should be a goal for a career -at least in my head!



Then i see a person with no clue contacting the resource manager asking for a role he like to do just because he made a lie to join deloitte, which is ironically sad and funny, since that same resource manager have no clue about sap recruitment and he/she also is faking it.



This sometime get exposed when the client finds out middle of the project,but then its too late and the scam is done.




TLDR: SAP practice in deloitte Its a circus of clowns and fake profiles.


Thank you for reading my angry vent, i am quitting next month and i will be jobless because i don’t ont want to be part of it.

I joined as manager and got promoted in 22.
I have like $6 of the $250 left for my phone subsidy. Need some wipes for my phone. Would lens wipes count as an accessory? Or does that only apply to stuff like headphones and chargers?
Please help. I absolutely HATE the people I work with. They bully me everyday, track my hours closely, ask for my hourly time sheet, spread so much shit about me for no reason, and on top of that, are two sided. I don’t have anyone to reach out to as they’re all sort of tied in together. I’m very close to getting fired due to the stress they’ve caused and they’ve already discussed this with HR without my notice. I’m in Global Finance - UK.

What are my options now? 
- apply/switch to a MF role? how does this work if im in global? do i talk to my manager (whom I hate)?
- resign?
- wait for them to fire me? i’ve been laid off once before during covid cost-cutting so idk how this will look on my resume in terms of getting a referral for a potential next job…will i get severance?
How are the digital introduction hirevue videos done for deloitte? Has anyone taken them?
Can I use my wellness to buy a Stanley cup? (The water bottle)
Anyone in the group requested retention bonus? Basically, how do you get retention bonus in consulting track?
I’m trying to understand the various components of the severance/continued salary.

Is continued salary revoked if you get another job, mainly one that is a Deloitte client? I think I get it if it’s another group with Deloitte but the language made it a little unclear. 

Also, say you get the severance package and find a job a month later. Do you always get the remainder as a lump sum? Say you receive 10 weeks and get a new job within 2 weeks. Will definitely try to get answers but seeing here first.
Has anyone ever…..

File a suit against the Big D?
Hi! I received an email where it say am also entitled to qualifying premium if I obtain certain professional qualifications. What does it mean? I will be joining sometime next year, so any idea what are professional qualifications and if I can do it before joining and get eligible for qualifying premium?
Anybody know if US practitioners are allowed to work in Puerto Rico? It's a territory of the US so technically not out of the country.
Hi, I have a BTS Analyst interview next week that will have a 30min behavioral and a 30min case interview. I was recommended to apply Waterfall & Agile as well as Software development life cycle (SDLC) during the case. Do you have any tips for this and how to prepare?
USDC Consulting SS here. There seems to always be a push for promotion but before I agree to take on more responsibilities I would like to know what the incentive is. Has anyone gone from SS to SSS at USDC? What was your raise and/or bonus when you got promoted?
Hi, for a bit of background I graduated college last year and started working in strategy finance and two months after I got my Deloitte consulting offer through campus recruiting which would start the year after (meaning this summer). A few weeks before my start date I got a call saying my offer was delayed to Feb 2024.

In the meantime I got promoted at my current role to Senior Analyst with a pay bump that is a bit more than what Deloitte offered. In addition I just received a new job as well with better pay.

Considering I would have 2 years of experience by the time my Deloitte start date approaches do you think I should renegotiate (both pay and position)? Start with Deloitte as a first year analyst and gain the experience to then enjoy the exit opps (hopefully)? Or simply take the new offer I received and stay in strategy finance?

My goal was always to join consulting after college but I have liked being in my current role and am a bit concerned about downgrading my title and pay. That being said consulting in the long run would pay higher ig (with longer working hours). Currently I’m almost entirely remote with the company transitioning into a hybrid which again isn’t strictly enforced.

Anyone else in a similar position? For those in consulting what are your thoughts? As of now I’m still going to join Deloitte but don’t know if it’s the right choice from a career standpoint? In terms of interest they’re all about the same for me. Im just looking for what would help my career the most.
I am trying to understand the responsibilities and day-to-day work of a consultant. What kind of work will I be doing, what could be their expectations of me at this stage? 

What could be the biggest challenges?
Would Deloitte pay if I went and got the FMVA certification?
Hey guys I will be a dual student at Deloitte in Berlin next year. Do you guys have some tips before I start working? What also could be interesting: is there a microsoft office package for employees at D? Or shall I buy it?
And what screensize for the laptop should I choose? 13‘‘-14‘‘ or 15,6‘‘?
Hi guys! I have heard that Deloitte pays well usually higher than other companies. I received my offer letter today but the compensation is below average in HK. Why is it so? Any ideas? Is it the norm or just me?

Any insights would be appreciated.
Hi guys, I’m a tax senior here at D, heavily focused on compliance. Recently a recruiter from another big 4 reached out to me for this consulting position. 

Does it make sense that they try to take a tax person into consulting? She said it’s more consulting and less compliance. Though my tax experience aligns with their offering, I don’t know shit about consulting.
On top of this, I’ve seen lots of layoff posts recently, and this makes me hesitate even more. 

I’m quite happy here at D with what I do even though it burns me out sometimes and I know I’m underpaid as shit.

Should I even give it a shot to talk to their team?
Any thoughts or opinions would greatly help!
Just learned about the well being subsidy and commuting allowance. I know that the commuting allowance is expiring at the end of october, but was wondering if I could buy a bunch of train tickets in advance since they dont expire for 6 months and thats how I get to and from work. 
For the well being subsidy, do I have until December 2023 to spend $1000 for this year or do I have $1000 to spend until September 2024?
if my dlaunch & onboarding for this whole week was at my local office but i had to commute from a different state (unable to move to my apt until next week) would I be able to expense my weekly train ride pass and ubers from the station to the office? If so, what would it be expensed as?
I have recently joined Deloitte as a solution specialist in GPS. Im planning to use wellness benefits which is $1000 per fiscal year. Do we need to repay if we quit or Deloitte termintes with in 2-3 months? How does it work?
Need to take 6 days off next month and have 5 days of PTO. What are my options? Can I take a day or two unpaid? Can I go negative? 

Also the Manager on my project already green lighted me. Do I need to inform coach? Resource manager? 

Thanks in advance
I have been thinking about this forever, I really want to work on some side hustle along with working in Deloitte. Anyone else working on something else, can someone give me some ideas as to how should I start. I really need some ideas, please help
Has anyone in Audit been laid off yet?
Hi there, im applying for a consultant role at Deloitte. I have previous Big 4 experience, non-profit experience, and a background in public health and CRM (among others). 

Please PM me if this is something you’d be interested in doing!
USI Audit
I have an interview for a Consultant position inside Deloitte’s GPS practice. Do any analysts or consultants have any tips to share from their interview/case experience?
Hey! looking to apply to Deloitte for a summer intern position in Consulting here in Toronto, Canada. What are the deadlines like? I only see winter positions open so far (Jan - May). So assuming summer hasn't opened yet? or is it the case that it has closed already? 
Is anyone working in USI doing freelance work on the side? Would we get identified with help of PAN? Is it safe to do if we cover our tracks well? 
I've gotten similar offer as a SAP MM senior consultant at both companies for 6 years of experience. While I'm directly hired by project in Deloitte India , would be going in bench first in Capgemini. What would you suggest that i consider before considering either of the companies(both is situated in Bangalore)? Thanks in advance!
Got the call  on Thursday and  found this Reddit on Google today (turns out no job means boring free time) and created an account to post this. 

-RFA

-Jr System Developer/Arch with cloud certs 

-“Strong” snapshot my entire time at firm (a little more than 2 years) and always got good feedback from project mgr or scs 

-On a project full time until end of next year

-Low util rate from bench time at beginning of  this year but recovered quickly wouldve probably missed target by a handful of points

-probably 10-15 hours per quarter of firm initiatives and proposals 

-eligible for rehire (can you hire me back next week?)

-I am 5’11” 

-9 golf handicap 

-State of Utah food handlers permit (expired)(May need to renew)

I am considering joining the navy the job market looks like it sucks.
Hello, 

I am soon starting to apply in the graduate program in audit. Is anyone else about to do it and give the online assessment? 

Any guidance would be very helpful
Hi guys! I just had my partner interview yesterday. It was more like a chat than interview. We both discussed our experiences and the skill required to be successful for the role. At the end I asked the partner on a lighter note if my interview was good. He replied, “It was okay, other wise I would have stopped you within 5 minutes. Just kidding! You are quite mature and got good communication skills and this is something we are looking in someone to join us.” 


I haven’t heard anything since yesterday . Any idea what my chances are? I am bit anxious.
Just received an offer from Deloitte. The position is a Full Stack Java Developer, but the offer mentions the title is a Solution Specialist. I am assuming this is just an internal title they use. Is that correct? Also, I read on here about Core vs USDC and my offer also mentions both. It states a Solutions Specialist in the Core Business Operations group, within GPS, based at the Gilbert USDC location. So am I USDC or Core? Should I expect a lot of travel for this role? It mentions travel in the offer, but not sure if that is just there so one can't say anything in the future if they have to travel somewhere. Thank you in advance.
I’m literally looking everywhere for a project and there’s none not sure what to do
What are some good general goals for the goalsetting fy24 for an analyst within consulting? 

Any tips or sarcasm is appreciated!
I know for audit we recently received our performance summary for q1 and 2. I know the scaling of snapshots are super subjective but one of my rankings was a between agree and slightly agree. It was for the first question of “impact and value”

I’ve already talked to my senior who didn’t really give a clear answer and also my coach. I’m still concerned bc I do not agree with the placement at all bc it makes it seem my quality of work is very bad. From my interaction with my team, they seem to really like my attitude and have strong communication. 

My question is though should I be concerned I could be on the chopping block? Would this ranking also affect my performance/compensation?
Started 5 months ago as a tech analyst and have been in zero projects, and its not just me a lol of people are on the bench.
I just feel like its gonna be a Giant hole in my resume 
Should i Start looking for a new job ?
Can I reimburse my fees for a Online Exam Preparation course for Toefl? 
Kindly help.
I was offered a spot as an experienced hire in GPS (business analyst at the consultant level) but with no pre-established contract or project. It’ll be about a $12k salary increase at this point, but I’m not sure the money is worth the jump because I’m uncertain about being on the bench (I’ve been staffed full-time on a very enjoyable project for about 3 years at my other firm). I’m especially not sure as I have been working more as a generalist (no technical skills niche). Does anyone have experience on the GPS bench? Is it typically pretty rough trying to get staffed?
So I got the pre-joining formalities mail on 7th September for on campus Consulting Analyst 2023 batch, I've heard I would get the joining by this month but nothing so far. I'm thinking that they might have delayed it to the January batch. Is it possible for them to send the pre-joining formalities mail almost four months early? Has it happened to any of you guys? Thank you for the help.
I just made consultant are 35 hours on a single firm contribution enough to get an excellent rating for firm contribution?
Hi, I am an AA2 at Deloitte USI and I want to leave my job to focus on my mental health. I had registered for CPA which means a payment of 73k INR has been initiated to the coaching classes. Now, I am planning to leave in February so will my pending bonus of almost 1 year, i.e. March 2023 to March 2024 will also be adjusted in F&F and deducted from the final amount that I would need to pay Deloitte back? Or will they not consider my bonus at all in calculations?

What are the salary ranges for Consultant, Senior Consultant and Assistant Manager at Deloitte India (not USI)?  
I am joining Deloitte in a few months as an entry-level fresh from college. What are some of the things that I MUST know before arriving?
Policies, PTO, work from home, shifting, culture, consultant ladder… Please I would appreciate ANY kind of advice/tip you can give as I don’t have much info at the moment.

Also, what softwares should I get familiar with?
I’m planning to leave after I reach my 2-year anniversary in Nov. This place isn’t what I had hoped for and isn’t what I need,  so gonna bug out once the SO bonus clawback is off the table.  I’ve been on the bench forever and, frankly, can’t understand why the haven’t laid me off. 

Wondering if I should ask for a layoff. The case being that my utilisation is trash and I’m just costing the firm $.  Anyone ever try this?
I am based on US and will travel to Canada for a week. I know I can’t bring my laptop. Can I use my Deloitte phone there?
In one of my classes big D is cited for a 6 month cyber security attack with unrestricted access to 350 clients. Big D said only 6 clients were impacted but Anonymous said it was 350. Journal article just came out. :) 

https://publications.aaahq.org/jis/article-abstract/37/2/77/11105/Cybersecurity-Breach-at-a-Big-4-Accounting-Firm?redirectedFrom=fulltext

Fun read. :)
Is anyone feeling anxious and kinda sad that they are incharge and pursuing CPA while their same level colleagues are done with CPA already. I was not this anxious earlier because because I didn’t knew that majority of my colleagues have already started. I enrolled late but can’t trick my brain into believing this.  I have now started feeling a little demeaning that even my juniors have already started or done with their CPA journey.
How to stay positive. Please advise.
Hi all  

I am currently at the end of my first year in audit, working at the US firm. I have been wanting to make the switch to the UK firm, I would be ok going down in terms of job title and starting as a first year again, but just wanting to know if anyone had made the switch or knows the process for internal transfers, if it’s even possible? Likewise, if it would be more efficient to simply apply externally and try and get in again?

If anyone has any advice on this, it would be much appreciated.

Thanks for reading!

Just got laid off yesterday. Was very shocked by it. Was in ITSA scheduled to work until July with great reviews and ~75% utility. I was at Deloitte only a little more than a year and now I have no idea what I can do given my little IT audit background.
I was one of the incoming campus hires who was pushed to March 2024. I’ll be starting in their Technology Solutions division within the ERP Performance offering. 

I have a strong desire to eventually move to the strategy and analytics offering. I have been very fortunate enough to have a really good relationship with a relatively large private equity firm in my state (biggest in my state), where I interned at previously last year. They heard about the start date push back, and offered me to come on full-time until March. 

I’ve been networking with M’s and SM’s within my desired offering / division, and have received great responses in regarding to them helping me get staffed on their projects. 

My question is, will this private equity position help me move towards S&A? Is there anything else I should be doing for the next 6 months? I really appreciate any help towards this.
Hi guys, 
Hope everyone is happy and well.

I want to share that I'm in USI. AUDIT AND 
ANALYSIS TEAM.
Basically I am an Excel/Access VBA developer and looking for suggestions to upgrade myself. 
 
And it's going to be 1 year that I have been working here. 
The question is, what can I do to switch between teams? And which team shall I be focusing on?
I have coding experience of 4 years, I also know Python. 

I want to know the procedure to change teams. Do I have to give interviews as an outsider?? Is there a system to go through if I’m an insider, working in the company already? Or will they be considering as equal to the people applying from outside of the company?

Thanks for the suggestions. I'm still learning.
hey all! have heard amazing things about working at deloitte, specifically within the alliance / relationship manager type roles. am really interested and it aligns well with my past roles, i honestly feel like i would be a perfect fit. i have 5+ years with the exact experience they’re asking for.

though, i’ve seen & heard it’s difficult to get hired, unless you know the hiring team or have a referral. with how competitive the market is, i want to stand out as much as i can. interested in feedback on if it’s feasible to get a job without a referral. would also love any suggestions on how to find someone willing to refer me or get a leg up in the recruiting/hiring process.

thanks in advance!!
How is the bench for audit currently? I will be joining the firm in the next couple of weeks and curious how hard it will be to get staffed on an engagement. 

Does the audit department have a lot of layoffs?
I’m an ambitious student that’s worked 40-60 hours in the summers, part-time during the school year  and generally always been busy (athletics, etc).  I was given an offer from both. D wants me to miss a semester and push my grad back, while the mid tier position is in the summer.  What would you do?  Did Deloitte make your life better?
Can anyone tell me roughly how many freshers they hire on campus and how tough there interviews are?
Hi all, 

Not working for deloitte but I follow the reddit thread and have seen a huge pain from the huge number of layoffs performed the last year and continue up to now. I wanted to let you know of something strange I spotted. If you visit home page of linkedin for a company you can see the attrition rate and the general percentage of total employees if it has increased or decreased the last 6 months or year. I was supprised to see that the last 6 months the total emploees of deloitte have been increased
Anyone internal or anyone have any idea up to this point how many people has deloittes laided off? i’m curious what the headcount is currently

I don't understand why are there so many layoffs in the company.
Would like to hear the community's thoughts about this.
I’ll keep it brief. I was laid off in the summer and still haven’t found a job. It’s demoralizing and unfortunate. My confidence already took a nosedive while at Deloitte the two years I was there, and I barely gained any transferable skills or experience to help me look attractive to other employers. It’s absolutely pathetic, and I’m struggling to motivate myself to keep applying after getting rejection after rejection.

I’d like to think I’m smart, have good credentials, and at this point I’m wondering if companies Im applying for are calling Deloitte up and finding out I was laid off of fired? I’m getting unemployment so I don’t think I was technically fired. But at this point, I’m just lost. Honestly any advice or encouragement would be appreciated. If you’re going to be an a-hole, please go be an a-hole somewhere else. Thanks!
I have a low GPA \~2.5 however I do have a clearance. Secret not TS. Will I be a competitive candidate? I am working on project in swift that ill be able to show off before I graduate, I've made a python application for password generation and will be graduating with a computer science degree. I also have a compita A+ and Sec+ cert. I can leetcode but not very well. What do you think my chances will be?


I am in the commercial side (Enterprise Performance - Oracle), but since there are no projects out there in the pipeline at all, I had to do networking with the GPS folks and they were pretty nice and fortunately, I got a project in GPS. I should be starting by Monday, but my RM is saying not to start until her approval. How long does it take for this approval process? And it will be approved 100% or is there a chance that this request might be rejected? Well, I have already gotten all the emails related to this project and if my RM comes and says you are not approved, wth am I gonna do? Consulting sucks if your projects are only few weeks/ months long!

Just got the dreaded “Business update” meeting invite yesterday. Partner read the script and the person from talent was really nice, kind, and answered every question I had. I’m currently gathering up the laptop and phone and am struggling to find my laptop charger or my badge. What should I do?
Hi, I have some homework for my course in communication in business which requires me to develop a proposal for a project aiming at solving real business communication problems. Anyways, just want to ask what communication problems have you encountered?
I am a new audit hire starting next week. Wanna get some tips on Networking from you. For example, always ask for coffee chats etcs. Just wondering do you all have a clear goal when you do networking? 

Unlike College time, my sole goal was to get to know the industry, job maybe breakin etc. As a new hire, how am i suppose to act?

Thank you so much! 🙏🙏

Received an offer for Erp solution consultant within the GPS practice of USDC. The role is supposed to be remote with some travel. I’ve heard negative reviews about USDC in particular regarding benefits, pays, etc and wanted to see if anyone here could chime in on that.

I’m an experienced hire and the pay they offered me is market rate, but I’m having second thoughts at the moment.
I have an informal partner meet for 30 mins on Monday. What questions can I ask them as someone who just joined Deloitte last year in September?
New hire here! How come some people work overtime without being paid? .... I hope it is not fostering by D because the workplace look like toxic and inappropriate....
Hey, i recieved PHS for Deloitte USI Analyst role and when I can expect my OL?
Laid off a few weeks ago and only been at UK Deloitte for one-year in the Risk part of the firm. Took time to mentally heal and now I do not know what to do

Most of my time there was doing unbillable work and my projects were in a niche area  - all PMO and powerpoint based. I got outstanding reviews and feedback

 I'm lost about what to apply for next because I feel like I have very limited experiences and im upset my time ended so quickly. 

Any ideas for what industries/job roles look for these type of PMO, soft-skills?

EDIT: I was a Risk Advisory Consultant in GPS
I was one of many that got pushed back to end of March 2024. I have been interviewing for other full-time / contract work and have received a few offers. One is a random position that I have no problem quitting come March, the other is aware of my Deloitte offer and have offered me a part-time/contract for 6 months. The 3rd is for a great smaller consulting firm that is offering roughly comparable pay and would be cool work, however because it was a contact that referred me for the role, they are aware that I was one of the pushed back start dates - how I see it is if I end up liking it, I could see myself staying there, but if I don't then I would most likely stick with my Deloitte offer; I'm not seeing anything in offer contracts that would make it contractually wrong, but would appreciate any advice navigating this awkward situation, I would obviously prefer to not burn any bridges, but I need work that's not just part-time stuff?? Also unsure if I would have to pay back pushed back start date compensation? Thanks 
I came across this Reddit post today, and I'm starting to second-guess my verbal offer to work for Deloitte in the US, specifically in their GPS Cyber practice. I was initially expecting a 20% increase from my current salary as a prospective Deloitte employee.

However, after reading and hearing most of the stories here about the layoffs, I'm growing concerned about accepting the offer. I'm an experienced hire with four years of experience, and I'm currently unhappy in my current job due to how they've treated their staff after COVID and the behavior of the managers towards them. I no longer want to be part of an organization like that.

I've always admired Deloitte, and having it on my resume can be a significant boost to my career. Additionally, I've heard great things about the training they provide to their employees.

Am I making a mistake by pursuing a career at Deloitte? Is there any sense of job security in the GPS Cyber practice, and what would be a fair salary for someone in this role?

I would greatly appreciate your advice on this matter. 
Should I take it and miss a semester?

I am joining Deloitte next September as a full-time Deals Advisory analyst and are leaning towards these 3 sub-businesses for my 2-year rotation.

What are your recommendations on how I should structure my rotation to ensure a smooth transition and learning curve between groups ? I am thinking of this order: FDD -> Valuations -> Corp Finance.

Context: I used to intern in Audit. Currently on track to become CPA through the MAcc route (will write CFE in Sep 2025 so I will probably be super busy from May - Sep 2025, so hopefully I can be in a less busy group during this time)
I currently work at KPMG in audit and am projected to be promoted to senior in either May or October of 2024. I received an offer from Deloitte in the Risk & Financial Advisory practice to start in January, where I would have to start off as a first year associate again. The salary difference is about 4K more at Deloitte, which is not a lot in my opinion. Should I stay at KPMG and wait until I get promoted to senior to leave for industry or would it be a better opportunity to take the position at Deloitte?
Got an offer from RSM as a senior consultant in prudential risk. Currently a consultant in Deloitte risk advisory dealing with prudential risk too, but will only make it as senior consultant in 2025. Should I take the RSM offer? What are the pros and cons?
Hello, I’m 20 and just got offered a place in both Deloitte and KPMG as audit graduate starting next September in Leeds, UK. 
Salaries are roughly the same and offices are really close together but I’m struggling to decide which firm would be best. Any opinions? Is Deloitte the right move just because it’s bigger or the opposite? I only want to stay in the sector for a couple years so don’t take into account career progression. 

Thanks
Got hired for the September intake at Deloitte in risk advisory. I assume they'll place me in regulatory risk or compliance relating to sustainability regulations and risks since that's my academic expertise. I want to leverage my experience to the max while I'm there as I'm planning to do a couple of years and then move to something else. Any tips for making the best of it and possible exit options?
Hello everyone
Hope you are doing well. I am working at Deloitte USI as an Audit Staff and have 3 years of experience.

I have been facing extremely toxic team at my workplace and have decided to quit my job.
I am also pursuing US CPA and have cleared 2 exams as well FAR and BEC. I an really looking forward to new opportunities in other firms. 

I am an immediate joiner. Please let me know if you can refer me to your organisations.
I can share my CV with you. I will be trying to clear my CPA exams in next 6 months.

Please help me out 🥺
Does anyone know where to find practice case studies on finance and enterprise performance consulting besides Deloitte webpage?
Hi guys,
So I got an email to do a recorded video interview for EY and Deloitte and I was unsure of what types of questions would be asked. Has anyone done them before and could possibly guide me in the right direction or maybe discuss the questions they were asked?
For reference I work for Deloitte, the work there is so illogical and the people are so toxic and they think that you’re a robot, no respect for your personal time, e.g. they demand that you work on weekends, they expect that you stay after work to work, they expect you come early to work early also. I’m really pissed off, furthermore, they didn’t put me in the department that i asked for in the beginning. I’m afraid of leaving because other interviewees will ask why I left. 

Please provide your insights.
Hello everyone 

Hope all is well with you. 

Actually, I have been working at Deloitte USI for past 3 years in Audit and Assurance, but recently I have been assigned to a project that involves an extremely toxic team and it has been difficult to cope up with them.
Situation has become so difficult that they even flagged me for low performance.
Now I am thinking about quitting my job before anything else happens.
I am also pursuing US CPA and have cleared 2 exams - FAR and BEC. 

Should I consider taking a career break, clear the remaining 2 exams and then again try searching for opportunities.

Please let me know your thoughts on this. 😀
I haven't gotten my transcript for my application yet is there anyway I can not submit it? I also dont think my GPA will be very good as my first semester freshman year has been awful. Also, should I include a cover letter?
Hi, I am a year 3 computing student and I have been offered a final stage interview for the Audit IT specialist position at Deloitte.  
Can anyone tell me more about the role? I am more into data science than software development itself and I was wondering what I would learn during this internship and if it is worth it from a computing degree perspective.

And anyone know about the salary for this internship and the graduate position?  
I'm based outside London.  
Many thanks.
Hey everyone, I will be joining Deloitte Toronto next Fall as a full-time Quick Start analyst and since I never did any internships in Financial Advisory (my most recent internship was in Deloitte Audit), I am a bit clueless on which teams I should request to be on from the attached diagram. 

Would really love to hear everyone’s opinions or experiences on these groups (especially the ones with blue checkmarks). I prefer more technical roles or roles that require more quantitative/numerical work (basically Excel and related software applications). 

My ultimate career goal is to be a professional in both finance & accounting and work towards a controller/CFO position down the road.

Thank you so much everyone!
I got hired as an A1 in Audit and Assurance at Deloitte Toronto and was supposed to start from January 2, 2024. 
I am an international student and my last exam is on December 15th and it will take me one week after the exam to apply for my Post Graduate Work Permit as I need letter of completion/transcript from my college. 
HR asked me to submit my PGWP application by Dec 16, which is impossible as my exams end on Dec 15. As a result, HR communicated to me that they will be changing my start date and postponing it. Does anyone has an idea, by how much will they push forward my start date? OR had anyone else faced a similar situation before?
I guess this is a "you don't know until it happens" question, but do you think other firms will do the same? I'm personally one of the ones who was supposed to start with Deloitte in Aug '23 and pushed to Feb '24.
Is the rumor true? Can anyone confirm? 

Read it on a HK article saying Deloitte China (including Hk) is requesting non-audit employees to take 15 day no paid leave from now till Feb to cut cost due to macro economic environment. Anyone that refuses, will be counsel out.
Hello everyone! I would greatly appreciate any advice on two offers that I received. For context, I am currently a senior and will be graduating in June 2024.

**Offer 1:** Business Technology Solutions Analyst at Deloitte in their Government and Public Services (GPS) practice. TC is $88K + $12.5 signing. Location is San Diego. Start date some time in June-October.

**Offer 2:** Research Associate at NERA Economic Consulting. TC is $90K + $20 signing. Location is San Francisco. Start date is July 15, 2024.

I compiled some of my pros and cons for each:

*Deloitte* \- **Pros**: much better brand recognition and may give me a wider breadth of experiences. Greater opportunity for movement across functions within the firm. Better networking opportunities. **Cons**: networking is basically a requirement to find projects. Job security may be lower given current economic conditions. I am also worried about them delaying my start date.

*NERA* \- **Pros**: I can build stronger data analysis skills. I won't need to network to get on projects, the work will already be available. Higher job security. Also the people I spoke to in the interview process were all very nice. **Cons**: The skillset I would develop might be more niche. May pigeonhole me into data analytics/economics. Exit opportunities might not be as diverse. Not as much opportunity for doing different types of work outside of data analysis.

I'd appreciate any advice, thank you!
Looking to move into M&A related work and have the opportunity to move into Fixed Asset Valuations. Is anyone in this role at deloitte or another firm and know what the exit ops are like outside of big4? i.e. IB/PE etc?  
Is it actually valuable work that carrys over into M&A?  
Can i move into M&A or transaction advisory like FDD from this role?  
Is it actually a good role to get into lol

Thanks
Hi, I applied to an analyst (credit risk) opening in Deloitte the day it became available. And as of today, it would have been 2 weeks since I applied. The job posting is still up and in the candidate home section it currently says "In Process (11/24/2023)", which is Friday. And today it's Sunday. 

Now I understand my imagination might be reaching far places, but
1. Any significance of this status ?
2. Is the date just updated every weekday ? 
3. And do they acknowledge after the posting is eventually taken down or it's always rolling?

Thanks
Hi all, 
Which offer would you accept in audit industry in Luxemburg as fresh grad student intern : PwC or Deloitte?
I'm told the first one is traditionally more into audit and larger in the country(LU), whereas the latter one is bigger by revenues worldwide 
Thanks for all the suggestions
Hi all, 
as a fresh grad student with Master's degree in controlling, would you pick audit internship in Deloitte or PwC Luxembourg? (be aware there's a slight gap in country market share and offered salary)
Thanks for all the caveats
Hello,

I am a German student of economics and law which studies are in the segment of the second year of my bachelor.

I had multiple offers for my audit internship this spring and now I took one at Deloitte.
Further I want to do internships at M&A, Financial Advisory or Restructuring. I know that my firm has big teams in this segment and I want to ask for tips for transferring from audit to advisory!

Thanks in advance 👐🏻
 

Hello Everyone,

I am currently in Audit right now as an Intern. I wonder what the future opportunities Deloitte as Consultant vs Auditor. I know that out of the big 4, Deloitte is known for its Consulting Practice. Does the two practices have sustained pay or opportunities difference over long period of time. I was wondering if it common for people to transfer from Audit to Consulting
 

Hello Everyone,

I am currently in Audit right now as an Intern. I wonder what the future opportunities Deloitte as Consultant vs Auditor. I know that out of the big 4, Deloitte is known for its Consulting Practice. Does the two practices have sustained pay or opportunities difference over long period of time. I was wondering if it common for people to transfer from Audit to Consulting
 

Hello Everyone,

I am currently in Audit right now as an Intern. I wonder what the future opportunities Deloitte as Consultant vs Auditor. I know that out of the big 4, Deloitte is known for its Consulting Practice. Does the two practices have sustained pay or opportunities difference over long period of time. I was wondering if it common for people to transfer from Audit to Consulting
Hello guys. I’m a sophomore at a T10 and recently received two internship offers for summer 2024. Here are the details:

1. American Express
Financial Analyst Intern
NYC
9 weeks
35.71 hourly pay plus 5k bonus
Guaranteed return offer for junior year internship for 2025

2. Deloitte
Risk and Financial Advisory Discovery Intern
Atlanta
32 per hour plus 4500 bonus
7 weeks
Guaranteed return offer for junior year internship if I don’t fuck up

Here are my worries: 
1. Based on my interactions with past interns at AMEX, the internship is much more structured. So I’m pretty sure I’ll be getting a lot out of it unlike for Deloitte.
2. I don’t intend to live in NYC after graduation and the finance department is located at the NYC office.
3. The cost of living in Atlanta is much better than NYC meaning I’ll be coming home with much more if I choose the Deloitte internship. Please correct me if I’m wrong about this
4. I’m worried about the layoffs at Deloitte and issues with bench or whatnot when I get a full time offer whereas AMEX offers some sort of career stability and a more structured career progression if I remain with them.
5. The pay at both now and even for a FT job is roughly the same taking into consideration the COL at both cities. So compensation isn’t an issue here. 

So which is a better option?
Help po. I need inputs. I received a job offer from PWC Isla and Deloitte and idk what to choose po. I also had an offer with Toyota PH. 

PWC Isla vs Deloitte vs Toyota PH. 
Ano po career path? 

Ang goal ko lang po sa buhay ay yumaman asap kasi binebenta ng relatives namin yung lupa where we grew up and I really want to buy it po.
Hi,

I’m in the UK and the big four firms typically release their average partner pay each year. For example at Deloitte it was £1.06mn this year. 

I was just curious as to whether this is possible in audit? Firstly I know that this is an average, and I know that auditors typically earn less, but I am curious about how much less at those levels. Is it moderately (10-20% less) or substantially less?

I suspect that there will be a reasonable amount of disparity around that £1m figure but as an auditor is it possible to earn that or higher or is that only reserved for consultants and other service lines? Or perhaps if you’re the head of a particular audit area/in the executive of your respective big 4?

I am curious about how this works in the US as well. 

Would appreciate any insight! Thanks
My career progression basically looks like this:

Firm 1: Started out at big 4 tax in the financial services asset and wealth management group. Saw an M&A tax position and was curious about the field, and the job market was good - received a good offer and left big 4 after just under 2 years.

Firm 2: Moved to mid-tier doing M&A tax as a senior. Father passed away soon after. Had to relocate and to support family - needed a fully remote position. Left after 5 months.

Firm 3: Found fully remote position. It was in the private client services group doing mostly 1040s. I took this because my father had operated a tax side gig which consisted mostly of 1040s. I had never done 1040s and wanted to learn to take over my dad's clients. There must have been some miscommunication during the interview process - they kept sending me complex 1040, as if I had a senior-level experience doing 1040s. Unexpectedly, I was let go after 7 months.

I had already been looking to leave this role as I did not see myself as a good fit there. I sent a few resumes out before I was terminated. I'm currently looking to move back into the big 4 because I feel like my experience best aligns with a big 4-type tax work. I had an initial interview with Deloitte, and my resume is currently being passed over to the partners for review.

How do I explain that I am no longer with my firm as of today? They confirmed with me during the termination call that they will confirm my dates of employment and nothing more.

Any suggestions and advice would be greatly appreciated - thank you!
Hi all, I have a few questions regarding the relevance of an MBA and transitioning to a career in venture capital/consulting firms:

**Importance of an MBA:** 

* How might an MBA support my transition into social impact venture capital, Big 4 consulting firms (Deloitte, KPMG, E&Y, PWC), and what specific advantages could it offer.

**Relevance of International Nonprofit Experience:**

* Have any of you successfully transitioned from nonprofit roles to venture capital/consulting firms? If so, how did you leverage your nonprofit experience in your new role?
* Are there specific skills or aspects of my nonprofit background that I should highlight or emphasize when seeking opportunities in venture capital/consulting firms?

**Transition to venture capital/consulting firms:**

* What strategies can I take to navigate this transition effectively?
* Are there any particular roles within venture capital/consulting firms that align well with my background?

**My background:** I've spent my career in international humanitarian and nonprofit organizations, specializing in business development/fundraising, grant management, and technical proposal writing across the US, the Middle East, and Africa. Now, I'm contemplating doing an MBA and shifting into venture capital/consulting firms.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
I just recently graduated with a masters in political science and am (unfortunately) just realizing my interest for working in a consulting firm, specifically in a department like Deloitte’s GPS sounds so interesting to me. 

I also have zero industry experience. My experience consists of two internships in non-profits, some administrative work for a small film production company and a graduate teaching assistant. 

I have a solid grasp of the R programming language and stats and have used it in my internships before. 

This may be a long shot, but I’m wondering if I could every qualify for the most entry, entry level role here to get my foot in the door. 

If you don’t think that’s the case, does anyone know what steps can I take to get there? 

Another degree is out of the question at the moment, just because I can’t afford to fund another one. But I would really love to in the future, after working for a few years. 
Hello
I'm working as an analyst in Deloitte USI Consulting. It's been an year now and I like the job, firm, pay is decent, nothing major issues as such so far. 
The only thing is I joined as an undergrad and I wanna pursue my masters in Management course (preferrably in Europe or AUS).
But I'm confused. Should I stay here? Or go pursue my degree and return to India? 
I want to know the opportunities after I complete my studies (In Europe, India, and AUS). How is the big4 in terms of salary, wellbeing, worklife in Europe and Australia?

I also want to come back to consulting post the studies. One might think I shouldn't leave but i want to and I can afford a masters degree now. I really want to explore. I know I sound a lot confused :(

If you could share you experience, ongoing journey, or anything that'd be helpful.
Thank you so much :)
Have an interview comingg up at Deloitte for a graduate tech consultant role. It is only going to be an hour long behavioral interview with a manager then a partner. This is my first job interview ever. Any tips that I should follow?



Hello everyone,

I am quite worried and trying to understand my situation. Although Deloitte sent me feedback on my job simulation assessment, there has been no update about my application. Can anyone advise on the possible reasons? Is anyone else in a similar situation? My feedback for the video and written responses showed no weaknesses, which I find very peculiar. Does anyone have any thoughts or insights? Has anyone received an invitation for an interview?
Hi, 
Has anyone received an invitation for the interview stage following the job simulation assessment?
I’ve applied to a couple jobs  and got a referral as well but got rejected. I currently work at Deloitte for over two years and have two years prior to that. What am I doing wrong?
I’ve lead a team before, have functional / technical skills. 
Hi team, I'm being offered a role in this team in Mumbai SPO. I want to know if anyone here has worked for this team -

- how is the culture?
- do you travel to clients all week long?
- any other tips for me to decide whether I should accept or not?

If it matters, i'll be coming from Deloitte.
Seems like my boss's from there are always dead inside...
Hi, I’m currently employed in Deloitte. Recently I applied to another DT member firm in another country and finished HR interview, scheduled for manager and partner interview. I think there would be another round of interview after this, however HR messaged me now that the Partner is asking me to inform my current Partner and HR asked if I’m comfortable about this. Note that I haven’t had any technical interview yet. I’m not very comfortable informing my current partner as I’m not yet sure if I’ll be accepted and don’t wanna spoil our relationship in case of the worst case scenario.

What’s the best way to proceed?
[https://www.afr.com/companies/professional-services/pwc-cuts-hundreds-of-jobs-as-scandal-slowdown-hits-20231107-p5eibh](https://www.afr.com/companies/professional-services/pwc-cuts-hundreds-of-jobs-as-scandal-slowdown-hits-20231107-p5eibh)

From the article:

*The nation’s once dominant consulting firm, PwC Australia, will cut 338 roles, or more than 4 per cent of its 8000-strong workforce, as fallout from its tax leaks scandal and the economic slowdown reduce demand for its services.*

*The scandal has caused advisory clients to shun the brand and bedrock auditing clients also appear to be reassessing their relationship with its market-leading auditing business. On Wednesday,* [*Westpac took the aggressive step*](https://www.afr.com/link/follow-20180101-p5eidy) *of specifically announcing it would not reappoint PwC as its auditor when it put the contract to tender.*

*PwC’s cuts are the largest of their kind at a major consultancy in Australia and follow* [*KPMG cutting 300, or 3 per cent of its workforce of 10,000*](https://www.afr.com/companies/professional-services/major-consultancies-cut-staff-slash-spending-as-market-slows-20231025-p5eeww)*, and Deloitte cutting dozens last month. The local major advisory firms are also, variously, cutting back on recruitment, cracking down on expenses and travel costs, and deferring graduate start dates.*

*The local cuts come as the once unstoppable advisory sector faces a reckoning around the world after the turbocharged growth caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and its immediate aftermath. High interest rates, a slump in mergers and acquisitions, and a growing number of scandals have caused private and public sector clients to defer or delay hiring the firms.*

*Affected staff were told on Wednesday they were being made redundant. The cuts mean PwC will effectively* [*shut down its Adelaide-based Skilled Service Hub*](https://www.afr.com/companies/professional-services/pwc-defies-tech-wreck-with-500-jobs-on-offer-in-adelaide-20230327-p5cvku)*. That will make 141 staff redundant, while another 197 staff across the firm will also be cut.*
\- Got internship offers from all Big 4

\- Pay is all around the same ($39-$40ish + 2k-3.5k SB for data point and transparency sake)

\- Indifferent in terms of team vibe/culture

\- I want to explore tech // banking // (maybe real estate) clients

&#x200B;

Career-wise,  what would be the best choice here based on the industries I want to work in and the clients that each of the Big 4 serve in the Bay Area?

&#x200B;

Currently leaning towards Deloitte as they are "the biggest name" (and I get to fly out to DU), but want to make sure I am making the right decision and not choosing solely off of brand.

&#x200B;

Thanks!
i got offered: 

A1 61k @ boise deloitte AUDIT 
&
A1 72k @ phoenix pwc TAX

 I don’t know if i want boise or phoenix and i don’t know if i want audit or tax. I did grow up in boise and all my family lives there. i also technically already accepted the deloitte job. i really need some ppl with actual opinions to sway me. please help):
I recently got an internship offer from KPMG but Deloitte and EY still want to interview me. I'm kind of swamped with schoolwork at the moment and I'm wondering if I should just accept the offer and cancel the other interviews or still go through with them? They are all at least a week away so it wouldn't be a last minute cancel, but I would like some insight on which firm would be best to intern at. For context, I'm doing an audit in the Bay Area (CA). Also this might be a dumb question but on the offer it says that my hourly rate is calculated from an annualized salary, would that be my salary if I continued working with them after graduation? There is also a signing bonus of 2k, is this common for interns? This is my first internship so I have a lot to figure out. Thank you all!
 Role: Solution Specialist

Location: USA

I recently finished a behavioral interview with USDC Deloitte and got a call from my recruiter saying the feedback was good! 🎉 But here's where it gets a bit confusing, and I could use your advice.

She hasn't sent any confirmation by email yet. On the phone, she mentioned that I'm now "in the pipeline" and that they'll reach out for onboarding once a project lines up for me. The offer letter would come then, too. It's a bit different from what I expected, so I have a couple of questions:

1. Is it normal not to get an email confirmation after such a call? Should I follow up for a written confirmation, or is it okay to wait?
2. The term "in the pipeline" sounds promising, but I'm not sure what to expect next. How long does this usually take? Is there anything specific I should be doing in the meantime?
3. Can I rely on what the recruiter said about being in the pipeline and receiving an offer once there's a project? Has anyone had a similar experience with Deloitte or other companies?
4. What steps should I take now? Should I just sit tight and wait, or is there something proactive I should be doing?

I don't want to come off as pushy to the recruiter, but I also want to make sure I'm on the right track. Any insights, especially from those who've walked this path or are familiar with Deloitte's hiring process, would be super helpful!

Thanks in advance for your help! 🙏
Hey Guys

I have just been selected for the next round of graduate scheme (UK) recruitment for Deloitte and based on my research I found out that They're gonna give you some graphs and info about the market and competitors and you have to write an email summarising everything and give recommendations. 


Since I don’t have a finance background does anyone know how to approach this type of questions?

Thank you 😊
Hey Guys

I have just been selected for the next round of graduate scheme (UK) recruitment for Deloitte and based on my research I found out that They're gonna give you some graphs and info about the market and competitors and you have to write an email summarising everything and give recommendations. 


Since I don’t have a finance background does anyone know how to approach this type of questions?

Thank you 😊
Hey Guys

I have just been selected for the next round of graduate scheme (UK) recruitment for Deloitte and based on my research I found out that They're gonna give you some graphs and info about the market and competitors and you have to write an email summarising everything and give recommendations. 


Since I don’t have a finance background does anyone know how to approach this type of questions?

Thank you 😊
Hello, I just finished my master degree. I started working in Deloitte (in Spain) in September. I was afraid of not finding a job in internal audit so I thought it could be good to do one year in a big 4 (I’m a junior auditor FSI). My dream is to go live outside Europe. I need some advice because rn it’s really difficult for me but I’m willing to really endure that for one year. After that would it be possible to find a job in internal audit ? Or should I have to stay more ? Idk I’m really listening and my mental health is decreasing. Thank you in advance
Hi everyone,

I signed for a Deloitte audit internship this summer. I'm making $28-32 an hour in a mid-size city (so not NYC,LA,Chicago...). For anyone who has gone through the internship to full-time at Deloitte(or any big four), how much did your pay increase from the internship to full-time? For some background, I will have 150 credits coming out of undergrad and go to a top 10 undergrad business school.
Hello guys,  


I recently experienced difficulty finding a full-time position for audit 2025 (I know it is quite early, but there have been some openings already so I figured might as well apply to them) and would like to get some advice from you guys to polish my resume for a better chance.  


A little bit of background, I am currently out on a year of exchange study in France and will be finishing up my last internship with GT at their Boston office before returning back to my home university in Canada for my last year of study (worst-case scenario a year and a half). Previously I had two big4 internships at KPMG and PwC in Canada and the US respectively, a mid-size firm in Canada, and a unicorn fintech startup in Canada.  


I am aiming to join Deloitte or KPMG for their audit practice in the US and on the East Coast but not opposed to the West Coast, there are a few larger clients in the Asset Wealth Management, Luxury Fashion, and Pharmaceutical industries that I'm very interested in.  


Here is my resume, and thank you guys in advance for all the advice and criticism!

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/4jrgakgjf7yb1.png?width=1408&format=png&auto=webp&s=8e7b892048c7000fab493aa32a76e9f06c45c250
“Colleagues,
 
We are aware that bi-weekly payroll payments were not deposited yet for some US professionals. We are working urgently to resolve the issue, which we understand to be a broader issue impacting multiple employers across a variety of financial institutions. While we do not have an exact timeline on the resolution, we do expect it to be resolved in the near term. We will provide further updates on DNet.”


Anyone else aware of other impacted companies?
I applied to both Deloitte and EY in early October and have yet to hear back from either of them.  Both are internships for Summer 2024, but they are for different service lines (EY - consulting, Deloitte - audit/assurance).  I applied to RSM, and I heard back from them barely a week later.  Is this standard for Big 4, or do I have cause for concern regarding my application?
I’m a third year student in an IT major at a state school and got an offer from both Deloitte and PwC for a summer internship.

The Deloitte offer is for $38/hr in their GPS sector as a Business Technology Solutions summer scholar, whereas the PwC offer is $40/hr in their Managed Services practice in a Strategic Portfolio and Project Management internship. PwC is giving me benefits but the office is about a 1:15hr commute from my home and will be a smaller team. Deloitte is giving me no benefits and is 50 minutes away, but I like the culture/people I met there a lot more and in my opinion is a bigger name. 

I’m not sure which one to pick - the salary and benefits aren’t too big of a deal to me since I’ll be living with my parents over summer, my goal is to get a more technical experience out of my internship and set myself up for career growth. Any advice/input?
Okay so a bit of background:

Trained at EY Audit - got my ACA in Jan and moved into industry FP&A. 

Always interested in tax but was unable to move within EY whilst in audit. 

Met a recruiter who is amazing and managed to get me an interview at Deloitte for a Tax role, it's a bit of a pay cut but honestly not enough for it to impact my lifestyle. Had a first stage interview today which went well, I was very nervous but got along with interviewers (Director & A. Director). 

Got a call back within 30 mins inviting me to second stage interview, but this second interview will be over lunch with the departments partner and director. This was supposed to be an interview over teams but apparently the partner is "really down to earth" and wanted to see me in person. The lunch will be somewhere in Canary Wharf (London).

I've never been to a formal business lunch before (apart from a team lunch once in EY which wasn't very formal and a few socials which were DEFINITELY not formal), especially in a interview type setting. 

I really want this job and think I'll do well in it, any advice? How should I approach the interview, do I offer to pay? What should I wear? How expensive should my order be?

Sorry if this sounds stupid, I'm 23 and this will be my first in-person interview in almost 6 years, not to mention what seems like an uncomfortable lunch interview. And I've always struggled in social situations, from a young age. I want to make a good first impression as I really want to land this job.

Thank you in advance for your help.
I have just started my Masters in Information systems in Dublin and applied for the graduate programme at Deloitte in the tech consulting AI&D department. I got an mail asking for an interview and I don't know what to study for it and what to expect. Any help or suggestions are greatly appreciated! The interview is in around 2 weeks.
fyi: i dont work in big 4 but with a similar large company. I hear people complain about b4 salary and stress. So what keeps you there? Im genuinely curious. I do understand the appeal of the name. Like for some reason, I would love to work at Deloitte and say that I do. But I had 2 internships w my company and they offered me mid 80s to come in as an associate, pre CPA. And the culture and environment has been extremely welcoming. 

So, what really keeps you at a big 4?  
Hi all,

20(M) here, I just got a call for a interview for an grad audit position from Deloitte in Aus. But I have never taken an auditing class or have any experience in auditing before. What should I do?? I applied for tax but they told me they are not hiring grads for that team anymore. My WAM is 70 and I have over a year experience in a small public firm doing tax returns and a little bit of financials but nothing relating to auditing. I believe I have decent interviewing skills but, still how should I prepare for the interview? or am I doomed to fail the interview?
I will complete my MBA (from lower tier 1 college) in next few months and will be joining Deloitte USI in business valuation role next year. I have cleared cfa level 2 and have a experience of 3 years but in completely different baground.

I am concerned whether this role is too technical or monotonous. What different opportunities can we get from here and which exit opportunities are available here to ib/pe and portfolio management roles.
Would anyone be willing to refer me to a strategy analyst role at Deloitte or at least share what the role is like? I’d be happy to send you my resume, ofcourse. 
While I enjoy the work I currently do in an analytical role at a large company, my manager is extremely toxic and it’s starting to negatively my mental health. Truly, any help would be greatly appreciated!
Looks like the rankings (by revenue) is as follows:

(1) Deloitte (+14.9%)

(2) EY (+14.2x%)

(3) PwC (+13%)

(4) KPMG (+x%)

Thoughts on these developments? Surprised? Impressed? Large growth from D and EY regardless of how you feel about each Firm. I’d be **very** surprised if KPMG strong armed PwC when they release numbers.
I have a background in Audit and Finance (Sept 2018 - Current) but am not enjoying my role. I trained at EY from 2018 to 2023, moved into industry when I got my ACA and want to move back into a client-facing role. I don't want to go back to audit as it's very very difficult to feel like you're adding value to client, and the work life balance is absolutely crazy.

Always been intrigued by tax, tried to move internally at EY numerous times but was always shut down by SM's and Partners who needed my hours on engagements. Somehow, I've managed to get an interview at Deloitte for offshore funds tax reporting.

All my tax knowledge is limited to the exams I sat, so would be a steep learning curve, but I really enjoyed studying for my tax exams - I'm actually looking forward to the opportunity to learn about more tax rules and applying it to my role. I currently work in FP&A (industry role - 5 months in), and don't enjoy it. I don't regret moving out of audit and making a change, I can say I gave it an honest shot and if it isn't for me, then it isn't for me.

I'll inevitably be asked "why are you switching to tax after so long", and honestly I can't think of an answer to this - any advice? I'm based in the UK. 

Also I think I'll be asked "why not go to EY in tax, why Deloitte", and again - no clue how to answer this. 
More specifically Infrastructure & Capital Projects

I am still confused as to what I would be doing in Financial Advisory - Infrastructure & Capital Projects as a graduate. My only perceptions of big 4 are only based off what people from audit and consulting have told me. 
Recently had 2 back to back interviews for the deloitte rfa discovery internship, and REALLY want to do it. it's friday today, and had mine exactly a week ago on friday. interview was with md and sr manager.

I reached out to the recruiter earlier today, and got no response - the sr manager got back to me and looped me in with the recruiter for an update, and the recruiter also didn't respond to that.

should i be worried? how long did it take for other interns to hear back?
Just interviewed with Deloitte for a discover tax intern role for 2024. 30 minutes after the interview, I got a call right away saying I was accepted but for a tax internship in 2025. Is this weird. I’m for sure going to accept it, but I was wondering if anyone else has got an offer but for a different year. Also, I’m guessing I should still look for internships this year? Should I look at the other big4 or a smaller firm. 
Edit - Also, the second interview was supposed to be a behavioral interview but we just talked about Deloitte and my interest in it, and tax for the whole time. She never asked me a behavioral question. Anyone else have any experience with this?
Hi everyone, this is my first B4 interview. looking for advice on how to best prepare for 2 back to back behaviors  interviews with Deloitte. Specifically, how long should my answers me and what’s the best way to go about walking them through my resume. Lastly, I have from today until next Friday to prepare, how should I prepare on a day to day basis? Thanks!
I’m going to apply for PWC and Deloitte in western Canada , and i’m not sure how i can get my resume to their recruiting team. Is there anyone here who could refer me please.
I do have 5 years experience in public practice , just wrote my CFE this September and i’m waiting for the results in December . And my current role is senior Auditor and am interested to apply for Assurance team.

Thanks in advance
Hi, got FT audit offers from both, wanted to get feedback. Felt personally I vibed more w PwC, and Deloitte was more stuffy, maybe its just me (but both hard to tell, close). Base salary comp mostly same, maybe 1K variance. Feel free to include EY and others there as well, in comments.

* types of clients
* exit ops
* culture (heard D is better in this regard, along with hrs, diversity; also believe PwC has 2 yr staff to sr, now)
* layoffs & delayed starts (for incoming summ/fall ‘24 start)
* audit tech & systems
* lifestyle/housing/commute (heard PwC is potentially moving to Santa Clara in few yrs, from DTSJ)
I applied to the sophomore internships at EY (launch) and Deloitte (discovery) in early/mid-September. I have been receiving some rejection letters already from mid-tier firms and I have been wondering if there is a timeline or certain date someone has got from these Big 4 companies in when they respond to applications. I have not even reached the interview part of the process and I am afraid that spots are being filled up by now. Can anyone share some help? 
Hi everyone!

A) 2 YOE Audit (Deloitte) -> TAS ( Deloitte)

B) 1 YOE Audit (Deloitte) -> TAS (KPMG)

(I would like to get into IB or MBA).

Which path?

Thanks
I have been offered the Financial Risk and Advisory - Controls, Compliance, and Finance Internship position at Deloitte. I have also been extended the Global Finance and Business Management Summer Analyst position at J.P. Morgan. I have to decide on which one I should take by tomorrow. They’re both in the same city. The Deloitte role pays more. What should I go with?
I got post graduation offers from all of the big four, but have narrowed it down to either Deloitte or PwC.  Everyone tells me they’re all the same, would love to hear people’s opinions if they have worked at one or both.  All offers are for the SF office, as I know that location makes a difference.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/178ghcg)
is kpmg global services, ey gds, deloitte usi, pwc sdc doing campus hiring? since they delayed many 2023 batch, are 2024 batch getting hired from college placement?
I applied to a few B4 (Chicago office) summer 2024 positions a few weeks ago and basically haven't heard a damn thing. I've applied to two EY internships and was rejected from one and have heard absolutely nothing about the other (which I applied to first maybe a day apart). PWC still has their IT Audit (or DAT) positions up for summer 2024, applied and absolutely no response. Nothing from Deloitte either. Anyone have any information about the response times from B4 firms? Or is the silence essentially a rejection?
Hey y’all! Just received back-to-back rejection letters from PwC and then EY after the final round interview. I still have applications out at KPMG and Deloitte, but I’m not so confident anymore since I haven’t heard back in a while. I applied for audit staff positions at each, but haven’t applied anywhere else.

I’ve held summer accounting and finance internships at a couple of (non-accounting) firms and all of my managers and supervisors at each had experience at big four firms, which led me to believe it was probably the smartest move if I wanted to work in similar financial reporting/controller/accounting management roles (which I eventually do). However I’ve also heard big 4 is overwork and underpay, and there’s a pretty high turnover rate anyways.

Would it be more advantageous for me to pursue an audit staff position at a local/medium sized firm (the primary line of work I’m interested in short-term), or is having a big 4 on my resume, even in a tax/consulting position, preferable? I’m not sure if tax/consulting is viewed at as second-rate compared to auditors or if I’ll get a similar amount of valuable experience in that role.

Definitely a little dazed and confused as to what to do now (was definitely overconfident coming off of a pretty subpar interview), and sorry if this is a stupid question, but any advice would be appreciated!
Thus far has felt like a bunch of filler info, avoiding the elephant of the room for layoffs and cost cutting. Surprised they didn’t address it initially.
Hello everyone, I am a 2nd-year uni student based in the UK who is looking for an industrial placement year now. 

Deloitte has invited me for the final interviews for the roles of IT Specialist-Audit (Manchester) and Assurance Analytics (London). Of the offered two, I can only attend one interview. 

Which one would be better in terms of pay, career growth, creative work and exposure to external clients? 

For context, I am an Economics student who has worked previously in business analysis at a BB for my summer internship. Going forward, I want to stay on a similar career track but have the ability to work with a diverse range of people and companies.
Wife has an offer from Eide Bailly for a first year associate and also has a offer from Deloitte to be a Deliver assistant. What should she do? Go to Deloitte just for the resume boost and in a year go into the regular Audit associate role or take Eide Bailly for 1-2 years and then into a big4? 

She needs to give an answer by tomorrow so really need the help guys! (There’s a 11.6% dollar difference in the salary, Eide Baillybis higher)

Thanks!!
Was interviewed last week for internship position. During the pre-interview social 2 weeks ago, I asked one of the senior accountants if those who were rejected will also get an update/email from Deloitte, she said yes. However, one week has already passed and no updates yet. As far as I remember, I think today is also their offer party so there is a high chance I failed this interview too but what are the chances of them contacting you in the next few weeks?

1. Did anybody got offers even if you didn’t initially passed? such as an offer even after the offer party
2. How long did it take for you to hear back from them? whether you passed or failed. I’ve heard some even got offers after a month

I don’t know what I’m feeling rn. I’m still hoping but I’m just feeling down and can’t count the number of times I’ve cried since last week because of this whole internship process
Anyone heard back from last weeks deloitte's interviews for GTA?

I have applied to Deloitte for marketing positions many times with no luck. I don’t even get shortlisted.
Hi, I'm a recent graduate who, also recently, got interested in consulting. I was wondering have some Graduate Schemes for PwC and Deloitte closed already? I thought there would be such a position as "management consultant", "associate consultant" or something of that sort which would I believe rotate you through different sectors? As I have seen similar position in my home country (CEE), but I want to continue living in the UK hence UK Grad scheme.

But I can't find any position like that, they're all already focuses on an area like tax consultancy or audit. Did I miss some positions or is that not how it works
I have received multiple internship offers from EY, KPMG, and Deloitte. I would like to know if anyone has any previous experience and would recommend which to intern at.  Currently, I am leaning towards picking KPMG since I connect with them the most. 
So I recently applied to Deloitte New Zealand for an internship in their corporate finance department. I think my application was pretty strong, my immersive online assessment went pretty well but I am unsure of my Hirevue automated online interview. I dressed up professionally but it was hard to maintain contact with the camera for the whole time. My responses, I believe, were nice and confident and I used hand gestures too. My question is: how important is this step when considering the application? Is the application viewed as a whole or does video testing cull people?

P.s. I have an economics and finance background with FMVA and CFA level 1 candidature and 3.8 gpa (us equivalent)

Thank you guys
https://www.ft.com/content/a4a0f400-96ac-48a1-9135-68f9d53867ad
I know this is just wallowing but I’m just venting. Just got sent a rejection email for a staff position after two back to back interviews last Friday and I’m just devastated. Unfortunately haven’t heard from PwC and Deloitte after applying a month+ ago, but with the current layoffs and economy I don’t see them replying. Don’t know if recruiting in season is over but unfortunately didn’t apply to midsized firms. I come from a target school as well, still wasn’t enough. Thought my interviews went great (had a conversation with the interviewers) but maybe I was too overconfident. Thanks for reading.

**Edit:** Thanks to everyone for the advice. Working on reflecting and see maybe I didn't do as good on the interviews as I thought. Didn't wear a suit (only a dress shirt), interviewer didn't really ask about my background much, maybe didn't ask the best questions. Will be better prepared next time.
Hello!

I’m currently a Tax Associate (A2) in RSM and I’ve been contemplating with the idea of moving to big4. To be honest, simply for the money and the look on my resume. My reasoning is that I’ll be doing almost the same things but for more money, so why not?

Anyways if anyone can give any insight on to whether or not this is a move I should consider let me know.

If anyone else has made this jump, please share your experience.

Just looking to get second opinions on this idea.

Thank you!
Does anyone know if legos are reimbursable for a Deloitte’s well being program?
**TL;DR:** Facing a group case interview at Deloitte Denmark in the Audit & Assurance department and seeking any insights, tips, and experiences regarding the nature of tasks, group dynamics, and presentation strategies. 🙏  


I'm advancing to the second round of interviews for a Student Assistant position in Audit & Assurance at Deloitte and find myself stepping into the domain of group case interviews, which will be scrutinized more for our approach and teamwork than the  solution. We will wrap up by presenting our strategies and solutions to a “customer” (a role enacted by a staff member).

**Seeking Your Wisdom on:**

* **Types of Tasks:** Any idea about the nature of cases generally given in Audit & Assurance?
* **Teamwork Dynamics:** Tips on balancing and showcasing individual skills within a group setting?
* **Presentation Strategies:** How to compactly and clearly present findings and strategies?

If you've waded through similar waters, your experiences, insights, and any heads-ups would be invaluable!

Big thanks for sharing your knowledge and helping a fellow candidate navigate through!
Hello everyone! I'm new to this sub. I'm doing my final year Bachelor's degree in Actuarial science, finishing up in June 2024. I'm currently seeking for graduate actuarial positions in UK. 

I have an upcoming EY assessment which also includes video interview questions in the next few days. I'd really appreciate if anyone could provide me some tips and specifics. 

I'm feeling very down today as I wasn't able to pass the Deloitte Immersive Online Assessment. As an international student in UK I'm not sure what my chances are of getting into a big 4 firm.

Please help.
I was looking at a job posting and was hoping someone could shed light on the day-to-day, what it’s like/what you do, and what the pay is like as well as if certifications are expected. Also what type of experience they look for?
What are the key differences between the two? Is it even possible to break straight into consulting without going through advisory sector first?
Torn between offers from **EY Financial Services Office (FSO)** and **Deloitte Business Tax Services (BTS)** in Los Angeles. My background is in real estate, so I would eventually like to be a part of a either's real estate tax group, but I'm also interested in private equity and hedge funds. 

I feel like I'm just choosing between colors at this point. Any insights would be appreciated? Exit Opps? And would one be better for me to transfer into one of their real estate tax groups once I have enough experience and have finally decided real estate it is. Assuming I don't find one of the alternatives to be.... 
Did anyone make the move from PwC to Deloitte or knows someone who did and can share opinion on this?
I'm just curious because I've heard stories of people having a better salary and work-life balance when they moved from big 4 to banking. 

Tbh I might do the same myself because my greedy ass wants to get that higher salary after I finish the Deloitte graduate program. 
I am looking to understand where the non financial IT audit or IT risk teams sit in each of the Big 4.

For example- I believe at EY they sit under the consulting branch and it’s one IT team doing all non financial clients external audit, internal audit and any other IT risk work. 

At pwc, kpmg, Deloitte how does the IT audit team work with the internal audit group? Does the IT team do work like privacy reviews, IT governance reviews, it security control testing and resilience?

These 2 articles were written 3 weeks apart…

I don’t understand how this can be allowed. Deloitte partners take home a record £1m 3 weeks after cutting 800 jobs in the middle of a cost of living crisis - do they have no morals whatsoever? 

If they want to reduce their wage bill, maybe hire fewer grads next year - don’t make people jobless. Surely they should have to answer for this? 

Of course nothing will happen, I’d just like to see some sort of challenge to make firms more wary of cutting jobs without good reason in future.
Hey everyone! I managed to get a second round interview at Deloitte for a new graduate audit position. Any advice on what to expect or tips for the interview? Thank you in advance!
&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/jtnrsh4xw05c1.png?width=942&format=png&auto=webp&s=f93790cdd4d5cd010648f9b887484dced329e52d

Following up to my [previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Accounting/comments/17joq7c/how_much_do_partners_make_nysscparosenberg_surveys/) on how much partners make, here is more interesting info that Deloitte and EY revealed to the Australian Senate finance committee. All figures are in Australian dollars.

&#x200B;

(I'm still searching for verified numbers on U.S. partners. Aside from the [Rosenberg Survey](https://www.reddit.com/r/Accounting/comments/17joq7c/how_much_do_partners_make_nysscparosenberg_surveys/), it's been a challenge.)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Sources:

[https://www.afr.com/rear-window/senate-publishes-ey-and-deloitte-confidential-partner-pay-levels-20230920-p5e6dg](https://www.afr.com/rear-window/senate-publishes-ey-and-deloitte-confidential-partner-pay-levels-20230920-p5e6dg)

* Senate publishes EY and Deloitte ‘confidential’ partner pay levels
* Financial Review, Mark Di Stefano, Sep 21, 2023

[https://www.news.com.au/finance/money/wealth/confidential-partners-at-leading-firm-getting-paid-insane-amounts/news-story/e148996a212e88a920de9d1cf0cb4185#:\~:text=Documents%20reveal%20that%20dozens%20of,the%20PwC%20tax%20avoidance%20scandal](https://www.news.com.au/finance/money/wealth/confidential-partners-at-leading-firm-getting-paid-insane-amounts/news-story/e148996a212e88a920de9d1cf0cb4185#:~:text=Documents%20reveal%20that%20dozens%20of,the%20PwC%20tax%20avoidance%20scandal)

* ‘Confidential’: Partners at leading firm getting paid insane amounts
* [news.com.au](https://news.com.au), Brielle Burns, September 21, 2023
I am joining Deloitte next September as a full-time Deals Advisory analyst and are leaning towards these 3 sub-businesses for my 2-year rotation.

What are your recommendations on how I should structure my rotation to ensure a smooth transition and learning curve between groups ? I am thinking of this order: FDD -> Valuations -> Corp Finance.

Context: I used to intern in Audit. Currently on track to become CPA through the MAcc route (will write CFE in Sep 2025 so I will probably be super busy from May - Sep 2025, so hopefully I can be in a less busy group during this time)
Simu Liu, star of Marvel's blockbuster film 'Shang-Chi And The Legend Of The Ten Rings' says he owes his life to the company that laid him off ten years ago.

In an Instagram post he explains:

"I was lead into my managing partner’s office at Deloitte and told that they were terminating my employment effective immediately.

A lady from HR and a security guard escorted me back onto the floor in front of the entire open concept office. It was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.

Nobody moved, offered a whisper of encouragement or even looked in my direction.

I fought back tears of humiliation, grabbed my things, and never looked back.

Ten years ago I thought my life was over.

I had wasted countless time and money that my family had invested in me. Years of schooling, gifted programs, trying to live up to my parents’ expectations. It all came crashing down in an instant...

My goodness, what an incredible journey it’s been.

I spent four of those years running around like a headless chicken trying to figure out how to break into the industry, struggling with credit card debt and taking any job I could.

Another three years were spent trying to break into Hollywood, sinking my precious life savings into something many would call a pipe dream. It’s really only been these past three years that anything I’ve done has begun to bear any fruit.

I know luck has played a substantial role in my successes but I am sure that if I hadn’t been cast in two life-changing roles, I’d still find purpose and meaning in the pursuit of success on my own terms. Not my parents’ definition - MINE.

I don’t know who needs to hear this right now, but no amount of money is worth compromising your vision for yourself. The pursuit of a dream- YOUR dream- against all odds… that’s what life is all about.

To Paul Gibbon and the offices of Deloitte Toronto; sincerely, honestly, THANK YOU.

You did for me what I never had the courage to do myself; you destroyed a life that I was building for someone else, so that I could finally begin to build a life for me."

hi guys matagal ba talaga sila magsend ng feedback? I emailed Deloitte (one of the hrs from linkedin as stated sa post nila) last nov 24 and hanggang ngayon walang update. also sa isla, I already answered gform for internship last nov 27 and til now walang update.

how long does it usually take to receive an update po? huhu thank you po!
I know my lackluster work ethic is supposed to catch up with me, but I just keep getting A’s on my tests. There is no way I’ll be able to handle the CPA exam like this, right?

I see myself as someone with a lot of raw potential, and I think that’s made my life easier in the short term many times over, and as a result, more difficult in the long term. I just haven’t ever developed a solid work ethic… and I keep going unpunished for it.

I’m interning with Deloitte this summer so I really hope I can hit the ground running, but what somehow stresses me out even more is seeing an Accounting friend studying a giant Becker book with her notes scribbled all over the pages. She’s only a year ahead of me in the accounting program.

I seriously need to fix myself and my motivation and I’m at a loss for how to do so.
I got hired as an A1 in Audit and Assurance at Deloitte Toronto and was supposed to start from January 2, 2024. 
I am an international student and my last exam is on December 15th and it will take me one week after the exam to apply for my Post Graduate Work Permit as I need letter of completion/transcript from my college. 
HR asked me to submit my PGWP application by Dec 16, which is impossible as my exams end on Dec 15. As a result, HR communicated to me that they will be changing my start date and postponing it. Does anyone has an idea, by how much will they push forward my start date? OR had anyone else faced a similar situation before?
I’ve accepted an offer from Deloitte UK for Audit graduate scheme, starting in September 2024. What preparation can I do before I start so I can acclimatise myself to the role as best as possible. For context I have no academic background in accounting and did an undergraduate degree in physics.
One thing I’ve noticed as someone who is not an accountant and has no connections to these companies is that many people are psychologically attached to them in a very bizarre and unhealthy way. 

From the outside it’s very easy to see that these jobs are low paying garbage dead end wastes of time/life, yet the people in them insist everything is going to be amazing, they just need to wait 10 more years or something. How have these companies managed to use and abuse so many people yet have them shill for them like crazy?
College senior graduating in April. Looking for a public accounting job in Kansas City. I have applied at FORVIS and am supposed to set up an interview soon. I just sent in applications for Deloitte, CBIZ, and RSM yesterday. Does anyone have any insight about these companies?
Hi everyone, so I am late to the game (just declared an accounting major in my junior year) and most of the big 4 internship spots for next summer are filled. I was able to speak with an EY recruiter this week (who put in a good word for me) and get my applications out for EY and Deloitte, but I do have some questions.

I know that since they start recruiting the beginning of sophomore year, they don’t expect you to have any accounting experience. Do they expect you to have completed some other intermediate courses by the time you start your internship? Many of my peers will have completed about half of their accounting core by the end of the spring and I will only have the first intermediate course under my belt, but nonetheless should expect to graduate on time. Any knowledge of this would be greatly appreciated.
I am 3rd year in my degree and have been invited to job interviews in EY, Deloitte and KPMG (might be invited to PwC later too). If I am accepted, I will start working right after I finish my studies. Is there any real difference between them? I hear mostly bad things about EY, but I think it's all the same, correct me if I'm wrong?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/17xkrli)
My career progression basically looks like this:

Firm 1: Started out at big 4 tax in the financial services asset and wealth management group. Saw an M&A tax position and was curious about the field, and the job market was good - received a good offer and left big 4 after just under 2 years.

Firm 2: Moved to mid-tier doing M&A tax as a senior. Father passed away soon after. Had to relocate and to support family - needed a fully remote position. Left after 5 months.

Firm 3: Found fully remote position. It was in the private client services group doing mostly 1040s. I took this because my father had operated a tax side gig which consisted mostly of 1040s. I had never done 1040s and wanted to learn to take over my dad's clients. There must have been some miscommunication during the interview process - they kept sending me complex 1040, as if I had a senior-level experience doing 1040s. Unexpectedly, I was let go after 7 months. 

I had already been looking to leave this role as I did not see myself as a good fit there. I sent a few resumes out before I was terminated. I'm currently looking to move back into the big 4 because I feel like my experience best aligns with a big 4-type tax work. I had an initial interview with Deloitte, and my resume is currently being passed over to the partners for review. 

How do I explain that I am no longer with my firm as of today? They confirmed with me during the termination call that they will confirm my dates of employment and nothing more. 

Any suggestions and advice would be greatly appreciated - thank you!
Hello Reddit! 

Please answer my survey if you have graduated university between 2018 and 2023 and work at a management consulting company (such as EY, Deloitte, KPMG, PwC, BCG, McKinsey & Co etc...) 

 I am currently writing my bachelor thesis on corporate culture and the effect it has on work-life balance. The study focuses on graduates who are in their first years of employment at a management consulting company. This study aims to understand the intense work environment of management consulting and the unique company culture that compels so many young graduates to work for them.

 The study is part of my bachelor thesis for the Human Resources program at Lund University (Sweden). The bachelor thesis will later be published through Lund University Publications Student Papers. The survey should take about 10-15 minutes to complete and is completely anonymous! I would be very grateful for any answers as I need all the data I can get! 

Thank you very much for your time!

[https://forms.gle/B3tEzXkKNf3Ptgzd9](https://forms.gle/B3tEzXkKNf3Ptgzd9)
I have an assignment to pass next weekend.  It is from deloitte case 2-1 Bags Medical Devices  Company. Can someone tell me the password for the files? I really need to open to learn them.
Considering they are both in the same location in South Florida, and both start in winter, and both have the same sign on bonus. Which would you take? 73,000 at Grant Thornton or 68,000 at Deloitte?

Edit: this does not apply to me, but instead an arbitrary question
Hi just got an offer to work in audit for both Deloitte and KMPG. Just wondering if anyone who works in either of these companies tell me what it’s like? Is one considered nicer to work in than the other? Any help would be great!
sometimes it looks great and sometimes it looks bad. just want to know.
I'm a law fresh grad that currently working for the Deloitte transfer pricing (TP) team—this is my 3rd month. Lately, I've been doing a quite lot of research and discussions with my peers and seniors at the office about career in TP. As far as I can conclude, I have options to dive deep to an industry that's very niche with limited back-up options in case this plan is going south or spent 1-2 years to secure Deloitte's name in my CV and get out from there.

My consideration are these, having a career at Deloitte TP is something that pretty satisfying for me—especially in terms of the salary and work environment. But, those all are not enough to say that this job is the one for me. I might be bored from this as the work mostly are done by adjusting the numbers from previous years works—and I'd learn nothing. Even when I learnt something, it'd be so TP spesific, that it wouldn't be that beneficial in other industry (if I decided to jump ships in the future).

But, if I decided to leave, I don't really have a thought on where should I go. I don't want to go back to lawyering as I wouldn't have life there. And I don't think I could go after another financial career as I didn't have that much of knowledge to do so.

My question are:
1. is TP career would worth my effort in the long run—especially as a law graduates?
2. as I'm also considering to work abroad (in Europe, preferably), what should I prepare or learn beside my job-related stuff (e.g. foreign language, etc.)
Hello!

I’m trying to plan out my future and weigh my options. I was curious how long does it typically take between graduating college and starting at a firm you got a job offer for. Right now I’m going through the internship phase for a firm and I’m hoping it goes well and leads to a job offer. With that being said I have an opportunity right now which would take up two months (between June and July) of a summer. I was thinking of doing this the summer after graduating but I have to sign up now. I’m just wondering do most people start working for their firm right out of college or do they not start until around August? Is this typical for the big four as well like Deloitte? Thank you!
Hi all,

&#x200B;

I'm a convicted felon and have been trying to find employment in Accounting. I was convicted at 18 years old for 2 felonies. Since then, I got my bachelors degree in Accounting and have passed the FAR and AUD parts of the CPA exam. 

(MY CONVICTIONS are 7 years ago, I'm 25 years old now and have not been in trouble since.)

&#x200B;

I read about the Second-Chance Business Coalition and saw that Deloitte is one of their members.

&#x200B;

Here's the link [Second Chance Business Coalition](https://secondchancebusinesscoalition.org/about#members)

&#x200B;

Does anyone have any information about Deloitte hiring ex-convicts?
title
Okay so a bit of background:

Trained at EY Audit - got my ACA in Jan and moved into industry FP&A. 

Always interested in tax but was unable to move within EY whilst in audit. 

Met a recruiter who is amazing and managed to get me an interview at Deloitte for a Tax role, it's a bit of a pay cut but honestly not enough for it to impact my lifestyle. Had a first stage interview today which went well, I was very nervous but got along with interviewers (Director & A. Director). 

Got a call back within 30 mins inviting me to second stage interview, but this second interview will be over lunch with the departments partner and director. This was supposed to be an interview over teams but apparently the partner is "really down to earth" and wanted to see me in person. The lunch will be somewhere in Canary Wharf (London).

I've never been to a formal business lunch before (apart from a team lunch once in EY which wasn't very formal and a few socials which were DEFINITELY not formal), especially in a interview type setting. 

I really want this job and think I'll do well in it, any advice? How should I approach the interview, do I offer to pay? What should I wear? How expensive should my order be?

Sorry if this sounds stupid, I'm 23 and this will be my first in-person interview in almost 6 years, not to mention what seems like an uncomfortable lunch interview. And I've always struggled in social situations, from a young age. I want to make a good first impression as I really want to land this job.

Thank you in advance for your help.

I lurk here a lot and I noticed a lot of people discussing burnout. I am currently doing a group project for a class where we are examining how effectively mental health resources are utilized, more specifically in the Big 4(EY, KPMG, PwC, and Deloitte). I was able to connect with a few managers from Big 4 who all told me they had many resources to help those who are feeling burnout. However, I know that doesn't mean that those resources are utilized. If you have any experience within Big 4 or public accounting feel free to contribute!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/17lgbdm)
Hi all,

20(M) here, I just got a call for a interview for an grad audit position from Deloitte in Aus. But I have never taken an auditing class or have any experience in auditing before. What should I do?? I applied for tax but they told me they are not hiring grads for that team anymore. My WAM is 70 and I have over a year experience in a small public firm doing tax returns and a little bit of financials but nothing relating to auditing. I believe I have decent interviewing skills but, still how should I prepare for the interview? or am I doomed to fail the interview? 
I am currently working in Tax Technology Transformation with EY where I work on an in-house software of EY fir partnership tax compliance. Prior to that I was working with Deloitte in Partnership tax, mostly Private equity. I like my current work where we on-board new clients on software, give them presentations, demos, do UAT testing, support compliance team but this software is in-house so planning to move to SAP FICO. I have done SAP S/4 hana Finance certification as well. But as I don’t have hands on experience, I am not able to get a call for this role. My total experience is 4.5 years. I tried internal switch but that’s also not happening. Can anyone please suggest what should be my POA ?
I’m graduating in Accounting in May and am currently working in practice. I’ve applied for grad positions for next year in the B4, 2 tech companies (fortune 100) and other two accounting firms as backup.
If you had the option to decide between those where would you go for training? I’m trying to prioritise my options in case more than one comes through. I already have an interview scheduled with Deloitte and one of the tech companies. 
I know everyone says it’s better to train in practice and then go into industry but I’m not sure if I like practice that much. And industry pays double so wondering if it’s really worth staying in practice for training if at the end of the day I’ll be moving on. I’m doing CPA. Thanks for the advice.
I keep hearing in the news that GDP is way up, inflation is down, unemployment is at a historic low. And yet what I hear from actual people is a completely different story - friends losing their jobs to layoffs, seeing tons of Reddit posts about new college grads unable to find work, investors getting hosed in the stock market, everything is expensive as hell. Deloitte posts record revenues in the midst of an epic lay off spree.

Are the govt trackers missing some type of data that accounts for this discrepancy? Technically we are not in a recession yet everyone is acting like we are. I’m legitimately confused.

Please I don’t want this thread to turn into a political debate, I have a legitimate question and am looking for an objective explanation.
I remember hearing whispers at Deloitte about a program where you were essentially paid a stipend/reduced salary for working "part-time" while you studied and then once you passed the exams you converted to full time. Did that ever come to fruition?
Deloitte just fired me (senior audit) without notice. How did you guys cope with this and what did u guys do?
I'm a Deloitte audit client.  Former B4 auditor myself and am a senior mgr in industry.  This is a true story.  

Deloitte fires both managers assigned to my engagement as part of a restructuring, a senior manager and a manager.  The manager is asked, after he is terminated, to transition his clients to a new manager, who wasn't fired.  He continues to work for the next week off and on, technically for free because he's now on severance pay.  

Imagine being so enamored with your career that you continue working for free after being terminated.  I suppose it could be a condition under the severance package, but it takes a lot of gall to ask someone to do ANYTHING after they've been terminated and it takes a lot of stupidity to agree to it.  

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Hey all,

Im applying for the Summer 2025 Internship @ Deloitte and I have made it to the final round, and was wondering whats the best way to ace this interview is.

Im interviewing with a partner and senior manager,

I know both names and am able to stalk them but I'm not sure what questions to ask with that information. 

Any other tips and trick or advice would be helpful and be greatly appreciated thanks guys.
&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/ng5943b1lbwb1.png?width=1946&format=png&auto=webp&s=e477ec02d60c55b95e03d23858fb23b97d796757

This is a follow-up to these previous posts:

* [Accountants, doctors, lawyers, engineers - degrees awarded](https://www.reddit.com/r/Accounting/comments/17encf7/accountants_doctors_lawyers_engineers_degrees/)
* [Accountants, doctors, lawyers, engineers - exam numbers (corrected)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Accounting/comments/17dssil/accountants_doctors_lawyers_engineers_exam/)

&#x200B;

There are a lot of posts where people discussed bad experiences in PA, particularly the B4. One response I've seen multiple times is that these negative posts paint an exaggerated picture of PA that only applies to a small portion of people actually in PA.

The explanations I've seen are some variation or combination of, "it's not that bad; only the unhappy people come to this sub," "people who are content with their jobs don't come online and talk about it," and "people here are just venting or just copying what other people say."

This made me curious about how many people are actually quitting their PA jobs. The exact number is not available, but for anyone curious, here is the closest I could get to it––B4 turnover rates, retention rates, and overtime hours.

If anyone at the B4 is in here, please feel free to chime in.

(Deloitte and PwC provided voluntary turnover rates. EY and KPMG did not; they only provided retention rates. I used the inverse of these to reverse calculate turnover rates, which is not really how turnover is calculated; it was only to provide a "guesstimate.")

&#x200B;

Sources:

**A.** [**Deloitte US 2022 Audit Quality Report**](https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/regulatory/audit-quality.html)

* Section: Retention - Voluntary turnover rate FY 2022

**B.** [**PwC 2022 Audit Quality Report**](https://www.pwc.com/us/en/services/trust-solutions/library/pdfs/pwc-2022-audit-quality-report.pdf)

* Pg. 4 and 22 - Average annual voluntary turnover
* Pg. 4 and 21 - Average annual hours worked by audit professionals in excess of 40 hours per week by level

**C.** [**Ernst & Young LLP’s full 2022 report**](https://www.ey.com/en_us/assurance/audit-quality-report-2022)

* Pg. 27 US audit overall staff through senior manager retention rate by rank
* Pg. 27 Average annual hours in excess of 40 hours per week by rank

**D.** [**KPMG Audit Quality 2023**](https://kpmg.com/us/en/articles/2023/audit-quality-report.html)

* 2023 report included 2022 data.
* Pg. 5 - Retention
I'm a little confused on which career opportunity to pursue. I interned with Deloitte last summer, was supposed to start full-time in August 2023 in risk and financial advisory (it audit), but my start date got pushed to February 2024. I decided to take the time to focus on my CPA exam, and found a part-time internship at FORVIS. My manager keeps asking what my plans are for next year because they want to find ways for me to get more experience within the firm. I've told them I'd be able to stay with them for busy season, because I wanted a backup option if Deloitte pushes my start date back any further. 

&#x200B;

I think I like audit work (what I'd be doing at FORVIS) rather then IT audit work(what I'd be doing at Deloitte). Would it be worth staying at Deloitte for a year as a resume builder then transfer to another service line with another firm? Or should I start in audit with forvis?

&#x200B;

Also how bad would it look if I say I'm staying with FORVIS through busy season, but have to leave in February to start with Deloitte?
Now, before you guys downvote me into oblivion, just hear me out. I just want to offer another perspective on these recent doom posts.

Whenever I see people lamenting about how we get looked down on or how low we’re getting paid I can’t help but wonder if they even know what the alternative path is and just how hard it is to even transition into a more lucrative and prestigious career?

First of all, many people talk as if they can get into consulting at like Deloitte or at good tech companies (not even FAANG) as SWE. Do you know to even get into IB at respectable banks, you either need insane connections or to have gone to an ivy? Remember all the gifted 4.0 GPA kids failing to get into even low tier ivy??Even then, the competition is hard. For tech, do you know how much competition there is in tech atm? It’s a blood bath and the requirements to be a SWE is going through roof. It’s equivalent to us needing like 5 years of big 4 audit, 2 years of financial reporting exp dealing with 10k/10q, and 2 years of big 4 advisory practice just for a mediocre position. It’s insane and your job security isn’t even guaranteed.

Now with accounting, yes I agree we should get paid more and demand more respectable WLB but the truth is, like what other veterans here say, we are ultimately a cost center and compliance based job. No executives nor revenue generators will ever value us even tho we are technically important and that extreme shortage might lead to an Enron situation again.. People’s greed will always win out at end. This shit won’t ever change. Even with that toxic mindset from the upper management, IMO we are paid just enough to enjoy middle class privileges. I’m paid enough to confidently retire in my 40s if things go right. Can other profession other than consulting, swe, nursing , doctor guarantee you this? There are many companies you can shop for and look for red flags along the way to avoid shitty wlb and toxic culture. There are plenty of opportunities for you to explore in the world of accounting given that you put enough effort.

For others who are still fed up with low pay, you guys are the talented ones who explore more lucrative paths. Kudos to you and hope you succeed even more but know that for people like me, I know my limits. My IQ ain’t high, I’m not charismatic, and ultimately I just don’t give a shit about climbing the ladder so I can politik. Even with my limited talent, I still get paid well and enjoy great WLB in this so called “worst career mistake” that many people here say. This is not to say we shouldn’t fight for better pay and wlb. I’m just saying you don’t have to be so negative about this career path that at least guarantee you a stable life. At the end of the universe is downright mercilessly cruel. I’m grateful that I get to pursue my hobbies and live a stable life. If you’re fine with this, I recommend accounting but like everything in this universe, it is also subject to impermanence. Even with that, if you keep adjusting to the world’s technological advancement you will keep prospering because the capitalism will always need accounting at least.
I’m too far along in school to land an internship. I want to apply to the fall 2025/winter 2026 positions as soon as they open. I’ve noticed Deloitte has an open position in my area. When should I expect other B4 or firms in the top 10 to post their positions?
For the background information. I had already worked before as audit in Deloitte almost 2 years and after that worked as finance controller/finance analyst for 2 years till they laid off.

It seems market is now very tough even in Europe due to so many layoffs and companies are pausing recruitment. Don’t have many option, but I have to choose between kpmg audit 3level position or startup company. 

The startup company is now working for 3 years, focusing as some diverse IT industry company, working as an cross-border merchant accounts and payment solutions, APMs support solution, crypto, igaming. All the internal work processes, if they have them, they are very disorganised. The role they are giving me is finance analyst with better payment than kpmg. There it looks like I will be covering a lot of task than usual finance analyst do, consolidated reports, KPI reports and some process organisations in finance department . But they will support me with cma or cpa, looked like friendly coworkers, cozy office.

With kpmg there will be more overtime, mental burnouts, support with ACCA which is kind of cool when I will search for next job, but not something I’m looking.

I would like to know some opinions which could be better considering overall unstable economy.
i am embarrass to say that my whole college i cheated on my exams quizzes etc, i got a full time for deloitte, since my dad is friends with a director there. how long could i last in the audit field without any accounting knowledge or what should i start knowing before starting my full time position?
I would say my resume format is not the problem either. For example, I have received an invite to interview with Deloitte and mid-tier firms but get automatically rejected from EY and KPMG without an interview. 

Is it the specific office? Is it recruiter bias/hate based on my name or research (Say Linkeldn or other social media sites). Do they no longer need a person for the position?

I don’t get it and i keep overthinking it. Any insight would be appreciated!
I’m graduating high school soon and planning on perusing a degree in Accounting. After college would it be better to try and work for one of the big companies (pwc, Deloitte, etc) or for a smaller business. What’s the difference in salary, benefits, and hours?

Also, planning on doing financial accounting/internal accounting. Is there a lot of tax work done in this? I’ve heard varying responses.
Hi everyone!

A) 2 YOE Audit (Deloitte) -> TAS ( Deloitte)

B) 1 YOE Audit (Deloitte) -> TAS (KPMG)

(In the next years i would like to get into IB or MBA).

Which path?

Thanks
Does it matter if my extracurriculars consist mostly of community service with only few clubs, or 1 to be precise at the moment. I’m currently a freshman and want to apply to Deloitte freshman internship, but I don’t know what extracurriculars are seen as best by recruiters. Are school clubs preferred or are volunteering(such as VITA) preferred. In general, how many clubs and extracurriculars should I have? Estimated gpa is 3.65-3.7 btw.
Hi everyone. I’m still an undergraduate, currently applying for internships. I’m leaning towards the tax route. My future goal is to one day become the partner of one of these firms. Which firm offers the best benefits, and gives committed long term workings more opportunities such as one day being a partner. I’ve heard Deloitte is the most prestigious along side PwC. Are these things I should consider? Will these firms be too political to one day reach my goal? I’ve attended events for KPMG and the culture seemed amazing, was it just a show? Please help me understand each firms benefits and which one is the best for the long term option, as I am not 100% sure of what else I can strive for right now. The goal is to one day become partner.
Has anyone heard back from deloitte's interview last week? for GTA, can?
I'm currently a third-year undergraduate student majoring in Finance, and I've found myself in a bit of a predicament. I have recently received three job offers for my upcoming winter internship (Which would be my first internship), and I'm seeking advice on which one to choose. My long-term goal is to work in valuations or asset management, but I'm also open to other opportunities to build my resume and enhance my learning beyond the classroom. I have some experience working as a Financial Service Rep (Teller) at a bank. Here are the job offers I'm considering:

**1. Deloitte - Audit/Assurance**

* Duration: 4 months
* Compensation: $25/hr
* Description: You know, auditing...

**2. Crown Corporation - Accountant**

* Duration: 8 months
* Compensation: $30/hr
* Description:
   * Assist with the development of annual loaded labor rates for use in economic studies, including continued evaluation and updating of methodology and related documentation.
   * Assist with or perform high-level economic studies of simple projects for internal decision-making purposes.
   * Assist with or perform detailed economic studies of complex projects (later in the term) for internal decision-making purposes.
   * Assist with or perform various cost studies for regulatory or reporting purposes.
   * Other Ad Hoc studies as required by business needs, including profitability, productivity, and valuation issues.

**3. Pensions and Annuity Fund - Valuation Analyst**

* Duration: 8 months
* Compensation: $25/hr
* Description:  

   * Maintain investment data for the Investment Services unit, pertaining to investment holdings, transactions, pricing, income, and expenses.
   * Assist the Valuation Accountants in operational investment and valuation activities, including:  

      * Obtaining security, pricing, and benchmark data not available through normal sources.
      * Updating the investment database for newly acquired securities.
      * Preparation and verification of operational reports.

I was originally inclined towards Deloitte because of the recognition and opportunities that an international company provides. However, the work for the other two offers seems much more interesting to me.

I'd appreciate any advice or insights you can offer. If you have any questions or need more information to provide guidance, please feel free to ask. Thank you for your help!
How stringent is B4 intern recruitment? I’ve been rejected from PwC and ghosted by Deloitte. I’m a junior and going to masters after finishing undergrad. Have a 3.60 overall gpa and 3.66 accounting gpa. Have since landed an industry internship in oil and gas but was just curious.
For some background, I work in industry for a mid to large company ($2.5bil-ish with an accounting group of around 60 people including senior management).  I’m a senior accountant on the corporate GL team, think your run of the mill non-specialized accounting.  

Well there’s a movement happening with all of these teams outside of mine turning into a PA recruiting mill… they literally only hire from PA and are open about advertising it, even bragging about it if you will. Nothing wrong with that, even though aside from the financial reporting team it really doesn’t provide any benefit.

This hasn’t bothered me up until a few months ago where I guess some people forgot I was in the room and they were talking about public accounting, as somebody who worked in PA for 2 years will never stop doing until they die.  All this shit like how they would never promote somebody past senior without a PA background, amongst many other elitists boys club dumb views about us lesser folks. 

Well I now started collecting all of the swag I could get my hands on from big 4 from friends and I have completely decked out my desk in paraphernalia.  KPMG mug, EY calendar, you name it I got it.  I also wear a KPMG vest and deloitte shirt every Friday.  I would estimate at this point I’ll be fired in the next month or so but from the looks I get it’s absolutely worth it.
I was interviewing with Deloitte and another firm earlier this week. The next day I got an offer from the other firm but Deloitte is still my preferred employer. So I updated the recruiter at Deloitte about my offer. Below is Deloitte’s response: “Thank you for letting me know. We will have a decision for you by next week. If you could please hold before making a decision with the other firm that would be great.”.

Can I interpret this as a good sign or a bad sign? Deloitte is like my dream company so I am nervously waiting for their decision now.
Would anyone be able to give me advice on two internship offers that I received? I got two tax internship offers for summer 2024 in Cincinnati. One with Deloitte and the other with EY. Both have the exact same pay and bonus. I am just having trouble deciding between the two and was seeing if anyone had any input. 

&#x200B;

Thanks!
Hello everyone, Im a senior about to graduate in the spring and have a few job offers with different career paths that I’d like some advice on. The two main offers I’m hung up on are audit at Deloitte and a finance rotation program at JP Morgan Chase. I don’t know the benefits off the top of my head but the salaries are as follows: (I’ll also add that this is NE OH and MCOL/LCOL)

Deloitte 68k and 2.5k sign on bonus
JPMC 65k and 5k sign on bonus 

I’m leaning heavily towards JPMC but I know these are different career paths but I can’t help feel like I’ll be missing out on future earnings and career potential by avoiding the public route. Any insight / advice will be greatly appreciated, thank you!
Backstory: I am a very strong accountant (CPA in 1992) with 18 years in Public Accounting (Deloitte and large local firm in a large city). I have been in industry about 14 years, mostly in large software and telecom public companies. 

I recently took over the controllership of a group of  local mid sized retail companies that are months behind in their accounting. AP and AR are in pretty good shape and the Due to/froms balance. But a lot of other stuff is months behind. In particular, the cash accounts, many of which are made up of actual cash in safes. The cash in bank reconciles, but the cash in safes are off.  Not massively so, but enough to know that a few transactions did not get recorded. 

The old controller who is still around just got me started on reconciling these safes for 9 months. This will take days and days if I’m recreating everything, which is what he wants. 

I am wondering if, rather than go thru all the grinding detail looking at all the transactions on the whole COA to get to financials, if it won’t be faster to basically pull out my audit skills and just do JEs to get things to what they need to be, just as if I was auditing them.. I know what each safe count was supposed to be on 3/31, for example because there are count sheets. Why recreate all the detail and figure out the precise moment and reason they got off if I can just adjust all these accounts to actual cash counted that day and take the difference to over/short or COGS, which is reasonable because some bills are paid from the safe (vendor drop-offs) 

Am I missing something here? 

The old controller comes from a bookkeeping background and is used to looking for every penny. This is part of the reason he is so far behind. He insists I need to go through this exercise, but I’m not seeing the point if I know what the balance is supposed to be for these cash accounts and other accounts that are likely incorrect. 

If I just approach these companies as ‘audits’, I might be able to catch them up much faster and give the BOD what they really want: financials. If I set about recreating the accounting for these guys it will take forever. Especially since they are still very paper based. 

I fixed tons of client messes back in the day (pre-Enron & SOX) and don’t see why this won’t work, but this old controller insists that we must take the long way. 

These are not public companies. 

Am I missing something? What wound you guys do?
Hi,

After KPMG, Fund Accounting, and Industry, I changed my career to Sales about 4 years ago, now in SaaS.  I let my CPA license expire last year, which was a mistake in hindsight, thinking I wasn't going to need it anymore.  SaaS sales was great in 2021/2022.  I made the most I've ever made, but it's incredibly challenging lately, especially at a tech startup that's gone south fast.

I miss the stability of accounting, and actually building something instead of dealing with customers on repeat, and shitty sales leadership setting you up for failure, and constant quota pressure.  It's all politics and favoritism, and I can't take any time off, whatsoever.

I think if I were more intentional with my Acct career, I'd still be in it.  Didn't learn much out of public, Fund Accounting was actually really interesting, and industry at a Fortune 600 global company was so freaking boring and I didn't feel like I was learning anything I cared about.  That said, I never got past Senior in Industry.

I can't help but feel like if I stayed in Acct, and was more intentional over the last 4 years, I'd be making a salary of what I'm making now ($120K OTE, fully remote), so I'm not much better off.   Although I've learned and grown a lot.

If I were to go back I'd either go to industry, at a mid size, private org.  Or tax prep and work towards my own thing with CPA/CFP - I really enjoy helping others build their net worth, and pursue Financial Independence.

Long story short - I'd like to get my CPA license back, and I need CPE credits.  I only did 17 hours of CPE in 2021, none in 2022 or 2023 so far, so I need quite a bit to get my license back.

I was doing Deloitte's Dbrief's and that worked ok, but that might take a while to get my hours needed.

1. What's the best resource for free, on demand CPE credits that I can get in bulk?  Open to paying for something to get these faster.
2. Is a conference or something the best way to expedite this?
I will be drinking the kool-aid.  No regrets. 
Literally just started this week at Deloitte and I feel like I already want to quit. They gave us so much training to do on such a tight deadline that I already put in 60 hours this week. Literally like 10 hours of class most days plus a bunch of self study e learning stuff. How am I gonna survive here 😭.
Hey all, I recently got offered for summer 2025 internships from EY and Deloitte Audit and I am not sure which to choose. They seem very similar in size, work, benefits, pay, and people but I want to know if anyone has any thoughts on whether or not to choose either of them. Deadline for Deloitte is October 10th, but I may ask to extend it. Thanks!
Hi there!!! So I applied online for the Summer 2024 Audit and Assurance internship at Deloitte and I got a Hirevue interview offer the next day.

It was a record by yourself one sided interview and after I submitted that I got a call two days later to come in for a Second Round Interview in office with the Director and Partner. The guy on call said it would be 45 mins and mostly behavioural based.

Is this a good sign and how close am I to getting the job, are there interviews after this? Do a lot of applicants get invited to these in-person interviews?

Also what should I do to prepare, any tips would be greatly appreciated, I’m quite nervous tbh, first time doing an interview of this magnitude.
Hi folks,   
I'm writing on behalf of my partner, who has received offers from three of the Big 4 firms in their Vancouver offices. She's been struggling to decide between the three options, and I thought it might be helpful to ask for your insights on the pros and cons of each. To my knowledge, all three offers are in Audit and Assurance, and the starting pay is similar (approximately 56,000 to 58,000 CAD). I should also mention that she is a certified Chartered Accountant from her home country and intends to pursue her CPA designation in the next few months.

1.) Is it possible to negotiate the take-home pay for these roles? I could be mistaken, but I remember hearing that the starting pay is determined by CPA BC, and there isn't much room for negotiation.

2.) I've heard that Deloitte is considered to have the least favorable work-life balance among the Big 4 firms. Could someone please provide some insights into this, or is the work culture generally similar across all of them?

3.)Does the number of auditors employed by a firm truly matter? I ask this because one of her friends mentioned that KPMG supposedly has the highest number of auditors in the city and that ought be factored in when making a decision.

4.)Are there any other factors that should be taken into consideration before making a decision, or am I overthinking this?  


Apologies if some of these are elementary questions. I have no background in this field.
I’m a new grad starting in deloitte’s audit and assurance practice, first day’s sep 25th and I heard it can be a lot studying for your CPA and learning a new job. 
I was hoping for some advice/tips on how to stay on top of everything and organized. Things like how you organize your email inbox and stuff would be extremely helpful. Appreciate the help in advance, thank you!
I’ve been working towards my degree and will achieve my Bachelor’s in June 2025 and have my CPA credits around April of 2026. I have been working an accounting job that started as AR but has developed into much more force almost a year. I’ve been watching on and off the opportunities that would be available for me to work in the Big 4 (In Kansas City since it’s where I’m at). 

My primary question is from those who have more knowledge, what dates would a 2025 Winter internship be for companies? I’ve seen postings open for Deloitte, KPMG, and PWC. 

Secondary question,(I know it will vary by person, location, assignment, and more) do you have any insight to share about your experience with an internship or current organization that I should consider when making my decisions. 

For those that hate the big 4, I’m sorry you do. Please do not hijack the post. If you have actual experience please share though.

Currently deciding between two offers in San Francisco with KPMG and Deloitte, both in auditing. I haven't done office visits yet but plan to in the next month. Wondering if any of you have thoughts about office culture at either of these two firms, specifically in their SF offices. (Deloitte said in the interview they have sort of "merged" their SF and San Jose offices into a Bay Area office ... so if you're in SJ please chime in, too.)

Salary offers, CPA bonus, etc. etc. are all similar so I'm really trying to consider other factors and hoping to hear your thoughts. Are you happy working there? Happy you decided to join your firm?

FWIW, the KPMG people I met during the interview process (including coffee chats with associates) left me with a better impression than the Deloitte people. But then it's hard to assess over Zoom.

On the other hand ... the KPMG people I met at my school's recruiting event (not SF-based) were kinda downers – they understandably were talking lot about the recent layoffs. Deloitte recruiting people (again, not from the Bay Area) were more upbeat.
Essentially, I got invited to a leadership conference in through my university. I have only read very vague statements about it online and still unsure on what to expect. I didn’t apply for this (basically was just told I met their requirements), so this all came as a surprise to me. I received a very brief itinerary that mentioned recruiting booths and breakout sessions, and was just hoping for some further insight on what to expect so I can prepare accordingly.
For context, I started recently at Deloitte. I want to wear certain outfits like jean jackets, leather jackets, brightly colored jeans, etc.

Provided I’m not skimping in coverage (ie. No midriff, too low of a cut, too short of pants/dress/skirt), then can I wear well put together casual outfits on days I don’t have client calls?

i have an internship next summer with deloitte & was wondering if i get an offer after my internship will it be required to be a cpa if i work there?
Is there a fundamental difference in what you do in each engagement? I've done an internship at a mid-tier firm as a "tax intern" but I have an upcoming interview with Deloitte as a "tax consultant". Based on the job description, Deloitte says there is tax research involved. I never did that at the mid-tier firm and it was more of "prep" and "review" type work. 
Hey! I am applying and looking through the different job opportunities at Deloitte, I am currently a staff accountant. I was wondering if there were any accountants on here that worked at Deloitte that have had success moving up in their careers such as risk and financial advisory? I had a classmate tell me to look up risk and financial advisory to start if accounting is what I know so far. 
I am considering doing an MBA from Ivey (Canada) and I am already earning around 85k (Vancouver) working in Deloitte Audit. 

I was wondering if salaries would be significantly higher after doing an MBA ? And first hand experiences and recommendations welcome!
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-09-08/the-great-resignation-turns-into-great-stagnation-for-big-four](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-09-08/the-great-resignation-turns-into-great-stagnation-for-big-four) 

Accountants are no longer quitting for better jobs elsewhere

Economic slowdown forces consultants to stay in their roles

It was dubbed the Great Resignation as an army of workers quit in search of higher pay, better hours and more attractive perks. The UK’s largest consulting firms were among the worst hit as staff hunted down new roles when Covid lockdowns began to ease.

Now, Britain’s accountants, auditors and advisers are clinging to their jobs, nervous that their negotiating power has sharply dropped.

“The great resignation has turned into a mindset of staying put while the global economy sorts itself out,” said Francesca Lagerberg, CEO of Baker Tilly International Ltd.

She said MHA, Baker Tilly’s UK accountancy arm, was seeing fewer staff hand in their notices than normal.

She isn’t the only one spotting a change in attitude. A slowdown in dealmaking and concerns about the economy have put the brakes on consultants jumping ship, according to data from Consulting Point and conversations with consultancies and recruitment firms.

Fewer than 750 people left the UK divisions of the Big Four accountancies — Ernst & Young LLP, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte LLP and KPMG LLP — last month, compared with more than 1,500 in August 2022, the data showed. It’s a similar situation at McKinsey & Co., Bain & Co. and Boston Consulting Group, which saw 87 leavers at the end of summer - around half the level of a year ago.

There are also fewer open roles this year as accounting firms tighten their purses. The Big Four hired about 790 people in August, according to Consulting Point figures. Last year, that number was more than 1,500.

Attrition, or the number of people departing without being replaced, is now half the normal rate in the consulting world, several recruiters told Bloomberg News.

As well as having fewer deals to advise on and the economic uncertainty, consultants are seeing clients cut costs by shelving longer-term investments.

“Strategy consulting is very, very quiet. Anything around M&A, growth strategy, those people are firing, not hiring,” said Matthew Bennett, director at Ascent Professional Services. “People getting made redundant is higher than normal, but people leaving their jobs is lower because they’re nervous about the market.”

The current situation is a U-turn for Big Four firms which hired hundreds of thousands of people in a bet on a post-Covid recovery, as well as making up for the wave of leavers between mid-2021 and 2022. Together, the four firms employ more than 80,000 people in the UK, making the sector a key indicator of confidence among finance workers.

EY recently announced plans to cull about 5% of staff from its UK financial services consulting division amid a slowdown in demand, while rival PwC said it’s cutting pay increases and bonuses for some of its 25,000 UK employees.

That’s without taking into account this year’s wave of voluntary redundancies affecting as much as 10% of certain departments, according to Richard Stewart, managing director at recruitment consultancy Mindbench.

The professional services industry is the UK’s biggest recruiter of graduates, hiring around 8,000 in 2022 — almost double the number that went into the public sector, according to market research firm High Fliers. Most of these join in September, typically the industry’s busiest hiring period. Almost 6,000 people started roles at the UK’s top accounting firms that month in 2022.

KPMG is on track to hire around 1,400 graduates and apprentices this year in the UK, said Chief People Officer Lisa Fernihough.

They join an industry with much less churn than they might expect.

EY’s attrition has slowed down over the last nine months across the whole of Europe, Middle East, India and Africa, EY’s managing partner for the region Julie Teigland said in an interview. The firm saw 20% of its employees in the region leave in June, down from about 24% in the same period last year. Meanwhile in the US, KPMG’s US partners have been told they will be put on 50% pay during six months of gardening leave if they quit to join a rival, which would make moving jobs even less attractive.

Current job opportunities don’t come with a big enough pay jump to justify a move, especially when compared with the salary increases seen in the last two years, Ascent’s Bennett said.

The trend might not last forever — but worryingly for the firms, it could be the most talented staff who end up leaving. In 12 months’ time, the best-performing employees could start looking for jobs elsewhere if they grow frustrated because more senior roles aren’t being vacated, Bennett said.

“They’re not getting promoted and they’re not getting bigger pay increases,” he said. “They’ll feel their career is going stagnant and they’ll push on. We’ll see attrition go up.”

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Is this a fair salary?
Hello, I work at a large Global Chemical Manufacturing company. We report to Global HQ and responsible for the Internal Control framework here in the Americas. 

We have about 20/30 companies across the US all on their own legacy SAP system. All of our controls are very manual in nature. This holds true at a Global Level.

As part of a Global S/4HANA rollout I am trying to find some good resources to benchmark best practice internal controls and risks for S/4HANA. This includes most of not all normal business processes.

We have an implementation consulting firm who is responsible on the software end but we have a dead end on sharing of any information related to best practice risks and controls to expect in the new environment. 

Besides hiring say a Deloitte, PwC etc Any suggestions on where to look?

Thanks!
Hi everyone, 

I got a job offer and they are doing a background check, they are asking for references and I used to work for Deloitte. 

I gave numbers for them but the managers/directors don’t work at the firm anymore so they couldn’t reach to them. 

What should I do? 

Thank you!!!
After 10+ yrs in accounting, I’m really over it lol im sure many of us have fantasized leaving and probably tried but somehow find ourselves back in accounting. This time, I really mean it but I do want to coast for a bit while I explore other passions/interest (real estate investing, interior design, etc) 🙃

Background: Controller level for hyper growth PE portco - very hands on. Started straight into industry in NYC (no PA exp) but high performer, climbed the ladder (& comp) fairly fast. Worked for a wide range of industry, mostly SaaS and Prof services for financial services with revenue up to $500M (valuation up to $10B), multiple entity roll-ups with global presence. Have done all the grunt work myself but I’ve also built and managed a team of up to 20, built processes/workflows from scratch, involved in a lot of M&A with integrations & due diligence (ex:15 acquisitions in 12mos but have been involved in 50+ in my career), managed system implementations for payroll, AP, finance, accounting, project management tools (ADP, Paylocity, Adaptive, Netsuite, Concur, Bill.com, floqast… just to name a few), POC for audits with big 4 (EY, PWC & Deloitte) with no PAJE or AJE 😌 also worked with BDO, MA, and other regionals.

With that said, I’m BURNT OUT but walking away from the comp is hard to swallow. I want to coast for a bit and get 2 remote FTE staff roles doing AP or AR (confident I can do this with minimal hours while still making 6 figures combined) until I make the full switch over to whatever I decide next. But with my background, I’m clearly overqualified 😂

Has anyone else done this? Planning on downplaying the F out of my resume but curious to see what others have done and what other hurdles I might come across.


TLDR: high performer controller planning to coast with 2 remote FTE staff level roles until quitting accounting for good. Need advice/insights for best course of action.
I am a student who finishes their bachelors in Accounting March 2024 and im trying to stack internships in the process as I doubt my current job will be available once I start my internships. Some examples of places I've applied for (in audit and tax): RSM, Grant Thornton, Deloitte, PWC, CBIZ, EY, KPMG, and a couple of other places. Interviews I got were: all except EY. Offers I received: RSM. I know for sure I did not get Deloitte or Grant Thornton. Feedback is that i needed to work more with the STAR method which i have and am utilizing with the other places. I am still interviewing with others and waiting to hear back from some, but overall just wanted to know what people's experiences were with these companies as an audit intern if people here have gone that path.
I am potentially putting in my 2 weeks and I have 12 days accrued. Will they pay this out with my final paycheck?
And yet people still somehow believe outsourcing to India will work in the long run. LMAO 😂

Anyone here finish an internship with Deloitte and get an offer for after graduation in 2024? Curious what the salary you were offered is.
I know many people were laid off from KPMG, PWC, EY, and Deloitte. Has anyone found a job with a comparable salary?
Deloitte recently announced that 1/3 of their workforce will be based in India in the next 4 years. PwC and EY already have entire engagements that are wholly staffed by Indians. KPMG stands for Karachi Pune Mumbai Goa at this point.

You don't have to be an economics genius to know drastically increasing the labor supply with cheap workers from the 3rd world will lower our market price and erode our bargaining power.

Also we've all seen the quality of work coming out of India, it's pretty awful and a lot of it has to be reworked by overworked by exhausted managers and staff in the US. Everyone on this sub knows this. The partners and directors also know this.

This trend will seriously damage accounting pay and prestige, and both are already at an all-time low. 

I don't understand why the accounting profession isn't doing anything. Look at Hollywood going on strike to prevent screenwriters from being replaced with AI - look at nurses, UPS drivers, government workers etc all going on strike.

Why are we not doing anything? Or at the very least, saying anything?
So I got this message from a person who is listed as a CPA and senior consultant at Deloitte and at first assumed it was some kind of position with that company, but I’m wondering now if this is more likely this person’s personal business or some kind of MLM?

Idk, I find it hard to believe a person with their position and credentials would be peddling pyramid schemes.

Is this a commonplace message for Deloitte?
 

Graduated with an accounting degree last year, unfortunately I wasn’t able to land any internships or coops during my undergrad. I had a couple interviews with EY and Deloitte but didn't get any offers. 

After graduating I worked as an accounting clerk, made about $60k last year. Now I just got offered a full time position with MUFG Investor Services as a Fund Accountant. Just looking to hear from any fund accountants on this sub who have experience and enjoy their work. 
Hey, does anyone have an idea about the salary for an experienced associate II at the Big 4 auditors in the Cayman Islands? I did some research, and the Auditor Staff 2 salary in Deloitte in NYC is around $84,000 USD, which is roughly equal to $70,000 KYD (Cayman Islands Dollar). Since there's no tax in the Cayman Islands, do you think it's reasonable to assume the experienced staff II might make around $62,000 USD or $51,500 KYD? Just trying to figure out the potential pay, appreciate any insights!
I take my first CPA exam in November. I am taking this simpler program to get my 150 credits and technically I’m done so that’s out of my way. I took two internships one at EY for Audit and one for Tax at Deloitte. My career goal is to open my own tax firm for local businesses and individual tax. I got an offer from both firms but realized that they are not getting me to the career I wanted. I’m not sure where I can get the proper experience to reach the career I want and if taking up one of the offers I got is a better decision. If anyone owns their own tax place and can give me advice I would really appreciate it.
Partnering with Chainalysis, the biggest provider of Blockchain forensics. Crypto tax cheats about to get nasty surprise...
https://thepaypers.com/cryptocurrencies/deloitte-partners-with-chainalysis--1263606
Hey guys,

I actually am a very extroverted person. Very easy to get along with; surely an interview won't be the end of me? But that is exactly what's happening; I get caught like deer in headlights and for the life of me I cannot even get the interviewers to like me (even though I leave good impressions on people that I meet outside of interviews) 

I had one interview with Deloitte (which was a really good opportunity) but I think I somehow messed it up because the partners (there were 2) were reserved throughout the interview till I began conversation through asking questions (which was too late anyway). Surprise surprise I didn't make it through 

I've done some virtual interviews as part of the screening process and I feel like I've messed them up as well. How do I overcome this? I've tried memorising answers in the STAR framework but I feel like that's causing me to slightly mess up. I just genuinely do not know what to do. I'd appreciate any help :(
 I recently got fired from a core audit job and im trying to switch to IT audit instead but IT audit jobs are called something different like "Tech Assurance" and it varies by company. I know Pwc calls it "Digital Assurance" but what do other firms like Deloitte and EY call it? Also what do midsize firms call it? They all go by different names and its very confusing. 
Follow your dreams. Or don't, this guy was fired from Deloitte so his advice is suspect 🤷‍♂️
I am a 24 year old guy, I have worked with Deloitte(India) for 15 months and then wanted to pursue MSc from UK. During my term-time in UK I have been working for a small firm as an accountant/analyst.

Now I want to break into corporate or Big4 in audit but I am not able to get a j

Heard back from Deloitte recently about an internship and was scheduled to interview with them next week. How was the interview process for you, and any advice you can give to me concerning it? I want to put my best effort into the interview. Also any advice on the work dynamic there concerning being a part of the staff or if you're interning what is being an intern there like? Especially on the audit side of things.
Any news whats up with big four corporate finance? 

It’s been 4 times I apply to PwC or Deloitte and I don’t even get an interview … while currently having a year and a half in corp fin a national firm, cpa, wallstreet prep and cfa level 1 in november …. 

Deloitte confirmed to me they are just collecting CV’s but PwC? 

Someone has any news … am I missing something ? 

Thanks!

Instead of faking a lawyer, Mike Ross fakes being a CPA:

Fakes attending a State University

Fakes having all 150 units to sit for the CPA

Places his name as a Certified Public Accountant

Works for Deloitte

🎉📈💼 Breaking Boundaries: From Tax Associate to CEO of Deloitte! 💼📈🎉

&#x200B;

\#Professionalism #Optics #SuitPower

&#x200B;

Hey #LinkedInFam, I'm absolutely thrilled to share some amazing news! 🎉 After years of hard work and dedication, I am proud to announce that I have been promoted from Tax Associate to the esteemed position of CEO at Deloitte! 🤩💼✨

&#x200B;

Now, you might be wondering, "How did he achieve such an incredible milestone?" Well, folks, let me let you in on a little secret: the power of wearing a suit every single day! 🤵🔥 That's right, my friends, this promotion wasn't solely the result of my expertise or leadership skills. It all came down to the timeless elegance and professionalism that a well-tailored suit exudes! 😎💼

&#x200B;

Throughout my journey at Deloitte, I made it a personal mission to showcase the importance of optics and the impact it can have on one's career trajectory. I firmly believe that appearances do matter in the corporate world, and a suit has the magical ability to transform you into a walking, talking embodiment of success! 💼💪

&#x200B;

Every morning, I meticulously selected a power tie, flawlessly matched with a crisp shirt and a perfectly tailored suit that accentuated my confidence and poise. As I walked through the office halls, heads turned, and conversations paused, leaving a lasting impression on clients, colleagues, and even senior executives. 🤵🚶‍♂️✨

&#x200B;

But let's not forget the power of professionalism, my friends. It's not just about the suit; it's about the mindset and the way we conduct ourselves. A suit is merely an extension of our commitment to excellence, attention to detail, and unwavering dedication to delivering exceptional results. 🏆💼

&#x200B;

I want to take a moment to express my gratitude to my amazing colleagues and mentors at Deloitte who recognized the impact of my sartorial choices and supported me throughout my journey. Your guidance and inspiration have been instrumental in shaping my career. Thank you for embracing my vision of "Suiting Up for Success"! 🙏💼❤️

&#x200B;

To all the aspiring professionals out there, never underestimate the power of dressing for success. Your attire can open doors, command respect, and ultimately propel you to unimaginable heights in your career. So, go ahead, invest in quality suits, embrace the suit lifestyle, and let your sartorial choices speak volumes about your ambition and dedication! 🌟🤵💼

&#x200B;

\#SuitUpForSuccess #ClimbingTheCorporateLadder #CEOJourney

&#x200B;

/s


I am a CA student as part of our training program I have to join any audit firm. I applied to many firms but the most prominent among them was  Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. I am offered IT audit, but I want to join financial audit as it is the conventional route that every CA aspirant goes. however, I am also considering the exponential growth of IT in every stream. 

please guide me on what should i do, I am really confused.
