



































































































It seems like the business people want to push “AI” into everything without really asking themselves if it makes sense. Using AI to display which of these 4 options from this drop-down menu the user would most likely choose first is silly.

Now I like using GitHub copilot as much as the next guy, but in order to use it correctly, I need to already know exactly what needs written, then I need to proofread what it writes. Sure it saves me some time typing, and maybe I don’t have to Google some syntax I am unfamiliar with, but that time is almost negligible.

Anyways, that’s my rant. What do you guys think?
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
Hi there,

I'm a self-taught data analyst/software developer. I'm also a first year CS student. Across the years I've amassed quite the combination of skills that is weird and uncommon (I think) and I don't know what job involves all that or even what should I call myself. Here's a list of what I can do:

- Your standard Data Analysis stuff, mainly using python, but I can use R and other tech like BI tools.

- I can automate some simple stuff with Python, and I also can do web scraping using Python.

- I can use Google App script to control and automate some basic stuff in Google Sheets (and the Google suite in general).

- And although not my favorite area, I have a decent handle on web development: I can build some basic front end using bootstrap, and for backend I can use either Flask/Python or Node/Express. 

- I can build simple browser extensions (and I actually have experience there, as I built an internal tool for my company and currently maintaining/expanding it)

- I'm also familiar with Git (of course) and Docker

I think I have variety/flexiblity, but I don't know how to position myself or what type of jobs I should pursue. 

To round this up, here's my thinking and preferences: 

- I'd like to pursue data stuff, I know a little bit of machine learning but not enough to call myself machine learning engineer or data scientist. 

- I don't want to become a full stack developer but I don't want to discount my skills there as well, because I think collecting data from the web (either with scraping or with browser extensions built specifically for that) is detremintal and a skill that a lot of data analysts lack. And also building simple websites to host analysis findings is a good thing to have.

- I'd like to think of myself as a Data Analyst who knows how to support the data pipeline with some development skills (especially collecting, cleaning, wrangling data).

I can't find a name for what I do, and I don't want to be stuck building dashboards on Excel nor gravitate towards web development. Any advice is appreciated. Suggestions to add more skills are also most welcome.

PS: I currently hold a Data Quality Analyst position, not quite data analysis and no coding is officially required but I write scripts whenever possible. So I can't really say I have 1.5 YoE in Data Analysis nor in Software Development although I sometimes do that on my job.

Thanks in advance!
I'm a software dev and I'm interested in transitioning to anything data related, although I admit I don't really understand what they do.

The term is thrown around in any situation and I can't get a sense of what he does.

Someone setting up a Google BigQuery table and someone setting up an index on Elasticsearch was apparently enough to qualify as a data engineer.

Although that sounds more like basic system admin stuff. 
The new AI system from Google DeepMind was released today as a competitor to GPT4.

From an article by [the Verge](https://www.theverge.com/2023/12/6/23990466/google-gemini-llm-ai-model):

>Google seems to see coding in particular as a killer app for Gemini; it uses a new code-generating system called AlphaCode 2 that it says performs better than 85 percent of coding competition participants, up from 50 percent for the original AlphaCode. 

If this is true, what do you think the implication will be for humans trying to find a job in this field in the future?

&#x200B;
Hello there,

I'm currently working as a Backend Developer with 2 YOE and I'm based off in Egypt. I was wondering if anyone can guide me on how to find a job as a full time employee or contract-based. I'm looking for a compensation of 1000$-2000$ per month.

I'm currently working with GCP, TypeScript, and some 3rd party APIs such as Algolia, Google Maps, and Stripe. I've tried LinkedIn, and Indeed but 95% of the jobs I found require residency in US, Canada, or Europe.

That amount of money is literally life changing in Egypt and would help me be financially secure. I'm also open to learn any other technologies that would improve my chances in landing such a job.

Thank you!
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
So i recently finished a web development bootcamp that lasted 6 months, and where i studied the "classics" : HTML, CSS, vanilla JS, PHP, SQL, React, Laravel, OOP, API, etc.

I'm now searching for work, and i came upon a job offer in a large company for an entry position, which is a rarity, there's almost no junior job offers. I don't have a college degree, and i was doing accounting before doing the bootcamp, so i guess i'm not really competitive in the junior market to say the least.

The position is "API management developper", and the offer includes 2 months of training in "data integration". Some tools used for the position are listed : Mulesoft, Boomi, Talend, Apigee. The pay is the same as a junior web developper, and no experience is required.

I looked a bit on Google what is data integration / API management with tools like Mulesoft, and if i'm not mistaken, they are low code or no code tools that don't have much in common with coding in PHP, JS, etc. Mostly drag and drop with a graphics interface, and using a proprietary language ?

I wonder if it is a wise choice for someone beginning a career in CS to first have a low code / no code job ?

I worry that it will then be hard to land a "normal" developper job with PHP, JS, etc ? Whereas first having a "normal" dev job, and then having a low code experience would be seen as a plus for future jobs ?

Edit : Thank you all for your helpful answers !
Hey! so i’m about to graduate in 2024 and i am an american green card holder who did her undergrad in India from a good enough university. 

I am expected to move to US soon and I have been looking for a job as a data analyst in the US. I have three years of experience with SQL and Python and two years of experience with Excel and R. 

Unfortunately all my previous internships were more development based although i have a few personal projects and i worked with SQL at my last internship which is a Multinational Financial Institution. (i also know tableau and i have the google data analytics cert and advanced cert)

So I currently do have a full time offer from them with great pay but it’s unfortunately in india. How do i look for jobs in the US as a data analyst?
First things first, here's my [resume](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT4Hot0ChOkF7c6mbecKzlJLUpT4ekf3EeVvMXYBL6HnC-vqWzxk0v0FyFnP0TfLKo96izU63HKh7cY/pub). After about 20+ revisions, I still have yet to have an interview. I have already gone to r/EngineeringResumes, and I have had mixed reviews, so I do not know exactly how to edit my resume. I have considered having a professional write my resume for me, however, I still believe I'm an inadequate candidate for most entry-level positions or at least not a very competitive candidate, so I want to hold that off as the last resort.

Now to improve my candidacy, I am currently working on a project where I use a REST API, Kubernetes, and Jenkins, which would better align me with a DevOps position, but I have not completed it yet, so I am waiting to add it to my resume. After I complete the project, I plan to get my AWS practitioner certification.  Currently, I believe that the positions that interest me the most/most qualified for are DevOps Engineer, Data Analyst, and Cloud Engineer. That's why I am learning and using these technologies. What else should I do to improve myself?

Will these improvements work as well as I hope, I mean it does not hurt to try, but I want to have a realistic expectation. Furthermore, I am only applying for jobs in Utah, Colorado, and Oregon as I love the mountains and do not want to be anywhere else. Is the selectiveness of location hurting me as I have no connections here? Does that matter? Lastly, am I being beaten out by a surplus of experienced programmers? What is the realistic view of the current market?

&#x200B;

EDIT: Changed resume link
I want to pick between either CS or information systems. So about myself - I worked as data engineer with a yoe. Got laid off in downsizing and unemployed now.

I m very good at math. I can do programming but can't solve leetcode "sometimes medium/mostly hard" questions in under 40 mins. So what should I pick so that I won't struggle during the course?

Also please lemme know what are pros and cons of both. Yes I have did chatgpt and google but I'd love to know from professionals here!
I'm graduating in a semester and hopefully working somewhere fulltime. Done a couple of internships, and it seems to me like the generally software engineering workflow involves a lot of discovery. It tends to go something like this:

* Oh, I need to implement xyz for this
* What do I need to implement it? What assumptions do I need to make about the system at large?

Which leads to kind of a depth-first search down a tree of assumptions and requisite findings about code. Maybe I'm naive, but it seems to me like this pretty much encompasses almost all workflows in procedural programming.

    --
    .     A
    .   /    \
    .   B    C
    .        /\
    .       D E
    --

As one goes about doing this, they give up on certain points and ask a senior (jump from B to C). Or, resolve an entire "subtree" (C,D,E all done). In either of these scenarios one has to go back to whatever they were working on and all of the context back.

I don't know if I just don't have RAM in my head but I often find myself going "what was I even doing in the first place?" in scenarios like this especially at work when there are massive codebases with a lot of moving parts. So, my question is:

* Is there anything out there that keeps a personal backlog for coding like this, while keeping necessary context? What I've been doing so far is just jotting things down in my personal slack or a google doc. Surely the millions of swes out there have thought of something better? Notion comes to mind here - it is plaform-agnostic (web-based) and very configurable.
* Am I doing something wrong? What can be improved?
* What do you guys do instead?
I'm in a bit of a dilemma. I'm currently in a SWE position making $100k flat, with negligible bonuses and standard benefits with no 401k. It's a hybrid job, 3 days WFH, 2 days in office.

I'm also in the interview process for a position that could pay $120-125k base, fully remote, 401k 25% matched, and 15% stock discounts.

Obviously this is a good increase in salary, but  there are other factors to consider. I'm really starting to prioritize salary growth so I can comfortably start a family with my wife. However, I ultimately want to be positioned at FAANG and plan to spend the coming months/year refreshing on leetcode and preparing. Is it worth leaving my current comfortable position with safe management and coworkers for the new job, even if the ultimate plan is to get into FAANG as soon as I can? (which obviously has no guarantee)

On the one hand, it's a concrete opportunity for immediate salary growth. On the other hand, it's extra time/energy spinning up that could detract from my leetcoding and general preparation energy. 

It's worth mentioning I have a close friend positioned at Google whom I can get a referral, and another at Amazon as well so I should be able to get my foot in the door.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
Do you ever get to a point where you don't need to google stuff? Like you know all the functions and methods in a certain language that you dont need to google what function to use?  

For example, I been using C for 3 years now, I know what I want to do, but I don't know how to do it so i google it and I do that for every line of code I write. Or for Python, I know what I want to do but i need to google how to do it, either because there is either a pythonic way to do that and my implementation is long or because i simply dont know how.  

Did you ever reach the point where you dont need google or documentation and you just know all these functions and implementations that you just just type away because you just know the methods and is so proficient in a language you know all its tricks?
prompt: [estimate the average salary of a \[title\] at \[company\]](https://bard.google.com/)

An advantage Bard has over ChatGPT is the ability to Google. So Bard should have the latest data from sites like Glassdoor. AI can also reference job postings.

Is it accurate?
So I came across this video from TechLead [link](https://youtu.be/wwbM63-LFD4?si=OlV2wOSQ9JcC_nNf) where he explains why not only some people are not meant to be programmers but also that the software engineer profession is basically going extinct.   
I agree with the first thing, not all people understand what it takes to become a SWE. Then he touches onfew aspects that describe the future of programming like over saturation, AI, cheaper labour force in asian countries etc. The thing is he is very experienced developer and as a junior backend developer who imagine his future in software engineering/cybersecurity field I got a little worried. I've heard many times on this sub that e.g. AI is just yet another tool, that the layoffs are not the end of the world since the economy is bad etc. and now there is a 20+ YOE ex-tech lead from google who sounds like the future of programming is a low paid profession in an office similar to the one from 'The Office'.  


I don't know what to think anymore to be honest. I'm experienced enough to know that AI will not replace the field of software engineering (well it may lower wages and demand) but honestly I'm still worried about other factors that the guy on the video mentioned. What do you think about this video?
I'm a recent graduate preparing for my first interview for a data scientist role at a digital health company. This is the first time I've had to complete a task before an interview. The task is to identify and present a use case for the company's data, with no coding required. I'm trying to find the most effective tool for this presentation. While Google Sheets/Docs seems a bit traditional, I'm considering Miro, although it has its own drawbacks. For those of you with interviewing experience, what presentation tool would you recommend or prefer to see in this context? 
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
I am a senior on track to graduate with my BA in CompSci next summer with currently no internships (have been applying for internships to hopefully begin sometime before or after graduation) and beginning an undergrad certificate in cybersecurity, never really do much coding on my own outside of required courses and not the best but i’m not completely inept either.

I would also say I have very good people skills and that i’m very easy to work with despite maybe being somewhat reserved most of the time but I do get along well with people. Im saying this because I’ve met and worked with fantastic programmers who were absolutely horrible to work with or even rude/arrogant, and I’ve heard employers appreciate those with good people skills considering how this career path tends to (or least as a stereotype) attract the less “socially adept.”

I’ve been trying to take my path seriously and finding a focus and start working on some projects of my own, possibly web or UI development or something like that. Maybe grinding out some Leetcode too.

Obviously, I’m not expecting a six figure salary at a FAANG job as soon as I graduate and acting surprised I’m not swimming in a pool of money immediately, but at least something somewhat comfortable that will give me some more skills and experience to move my way up to something better, maybe even closer to 6 figs somewhere down the line.

It just feels like especially online a lot of people make it out to be that if you graduate without an offer at Google that you’re completely fucked. Exaggerating of course, but it seems like even most relatively low level jobs are in a much higher percentile than the majority of non-STEM careers ever pan out to be.

Maybe I’m just trying to console myself now that I have to face the reality of life after college very soon lmao. At least I will be graduating with very little to no debt which is a plus.

What are my realistic outputs and best course of action here? At what point would it be best to consider switching careers haha
It's no surprise to anyone that entry level is stupidly awful to break into. Although there have been job freezes and decreased hiring across all boards, companies are still hiring at this level. The issue lies with numerous groups of people applying to all these same jobs:

* Newly graduate CS students (2023 Spring and Fall)
* Next year CS graduates (2024 Spring and Fall)
* Previous year CS graduates (2022 and before)
* Self taught people
* People from bootcamps
* Junior SWE's (1<x<3 years of experience)
* Mid level SWE's (3+ years of experience)
* People from other industry with transferrable skills (i.e. IT, support engineers, Python scripters)

All of these people are multiplying every year and applying for the same limited positions. What are these positions?

* Newly graduate roles - Which is arguably the most exclusive on this list. Usually set up by well established companies as a consistent pipeline to add and grow new college talent. The condition to apply to these jobs is typically either be graduating in the next semester or so, or have graduated within the year.
* Jr. level SWE roles - Generally aimed at Juniors with a few years of experience but not quite mid level yet. Although, mid level engineers can also poach these jobs away. Newly grads, previous grads with no experience, and everybody else on this list can also target these but why would a company hire someone with no experience vs someone with the perfect YOE?
* Internships - Exclusive to CS students and primarily targeted to upperclassmen (juniors/seniors). However, there are some programs for freshmen and sophomores i.e. Microsoft Explore and Google Step.
* Entry level SWE roles - These roles are aimed at anyone trying to break in. It's anyone's door into the industry.
* Non-CS grad entry level programs - Pipelines created by big established companies for unorthodox potential Jrs (bootcamp/self taughts). By far the rarest role/program on this list and hiring is usually kept at very small headcount (in contrast to newly grad roles).

From this list of jobs, the clear competitive winner is obvious - newly/upcoming CS grads. These groups of candidates are eligible for the highest number of positions at entry level. While people from bootcamps and self taughts not only are eligible for the least amount of roles, but are also competing with individuals that have better credentials.

The economy will improve eventually and drag interest rates back to normal aka increased hiring at all levels. The market at Mid/Senior/Staff/Principal will improve since the pool for these roles is made up of the group of people from the previous level. The market at entry level/junior, however, will take longer to correct itself since the pool is made up of anyone who wants "to break into tech!"
I am an international student alumni with a Master's in Software Engineering in the US who is trying to look for ways to keep staying in the US to avoid dealing with family back home. I am currently on OPT working unpaid as an intern for a startup, but will need a paid job in the future for STEM OPT. Yes I am working unpaid since that is been pretty much the only way I have been able to keep my visa status going, otherwise I would have had to leave the country months ago. I can't work in anything else if it isn't related to my major, and if I am not working a paid position by the end of January, I have to leave.

I have at the same time been job searching and applying. At this point I have gotten to roughly 600 applications since January 8th with no offer, and the last time I got any sort of interview was back in late July. The closest I got was with Kodak Alaris, but now they pretty much only offer positions with no sponsorships available, or stuff I am barely qualified for (like with many companies, I come across positions requiring C# and Windows Forms experience, which I know absolutely nothing about either, or they simply ask for too many YOE). My connections haven't been able to help me out with this either, and the last internship company I worked with has basically not been very communicative with me since graduation. The only companies that seem interested in me are ones that I find very shady H1-B mills. The kinds that seem to take you in for training, then modify and inflate your resume to other companies like adding 8 years of experience (like Flexon Technologies or Emonics) and with a heavy fee for leaving their training.

While I do enjoy the work I am doing for the startup I am working with, and they have offered to pay me for the future if needed for after February, I don't feel that they would be able to pull it off considering the current financial situation of the company at the moment without going into too much detail, hence my persistence for applying for elsewhere. But constantly applying has done nothing but destroy my self worth as the more I apply, the more I get rejected. It has gotten to the point where I seriously question whether this field is even right for me or if the market is so godawful that at this point, I will never be hired and paid in another company, at least not in the US. In hindsight, I would have rather preferred Canada as they are at least way more immigrant friendly. Or maybe it's just me being absolutely incompetent.

My resume is made using LaTeX so that I can easily modify it against other job positions using Git. I have made two general versions of this resume: one with all my professional experience and one with just software development experience. I naturally decided to go with the second one since I felt that putting in all my experience would result in a very crammed resume. I am wondering if a fancier looking resume is necessary, or do I have to do some massive modifications, or something else. Other modifications I may do involve moving either the "Experience" or "Projects" sections higher depending on which is more relevant to the job posting

Resume 1:  https://drive.google.com/file/d/14xkLsT76gmqZyX39huqN1a_lCfmSXk4B/view?usp=sharing

Resume 2: https://drive.google.com/file/d/19Sfty75R9kjgS9iZqC1hydX3yIWsfiYa/view?usp=drive_link

My areas of interest are web development, mobile development (either React Native or Android, although I admit I am pretty rusty on Android development and have mostly been focusing on the former), and embedded hardware (stuff like dealing with microcontrollers or whatnot). I also have some past experience with automated testing. I am open to both full-time and contract opportunities at this point.

Regarding my job searching strategies, I pretty much use LinkedIn. Sometimes I use Indeed, but mostly LinkedIn has been my go-to so far. I may disable "Promoted" posting with my adblocker since they can sometimes be junk. I also tend to avoid companies that have rejected me everytime I have applied. I am considering using a service like LazyApply to accelerate my job application input as I can barely motivate myself to apply beyond 5 a day. Which other countries look for international talent at the entry level since it has become clear that the US is not interested in people like me? Are there any better job boards than LinkedIn or Indeed?

**TL;DR**
I need some advice on where to go with this dead-end market.

1. What improvements should I make with my resume?
2. What job boards should I focus on?
3. Should I use stuff like LazyApply to accelerate my job search input?
4. What other countries have better tech job markets for internationals?
5. What other improvements should I make to my job searching strategy?
Hey I am a 25 Y-O Male just lost my 3rd job for the year. I have very amateur level programming knowledge, I taught myself some Lua for game reasons. I am tired of dead end jobs that want me to work till 3 AM for 30 bucks doing back breaking labor and never wants to view me as a human being. I have some money saved up and I was thinking about upgrading my room into a productivity/gaming set up from my half dead laptop, and taking the google data analytics course I came here to hear from you guys adept and veterans alike am I making the right choice. I heard it's a very large industry that is perfect for remote work. 
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
hi! i'm a soph undergrad in the US and i'm very grateful to have the opportunity to choose between these two startups for the spring semester:

Option A:

\- very early stage US startup, no web site.

\- My tasks: help senior engineer build a new site from scratch and help primarily with backend (but also fullstack). The stack needs to be integrated with a large amount of data, and a pipeline + algorithms will need to be built to leverage that data for a recommender system.

\- I have no idea about the stack as they have not hired their senior engineer yet. i have not idea of the technical specifications of the site

Option B:

\- in development for 2 years, user base of around 5000, and expected to expand after marketing. founders are from a European country

\- My tasks: help senior engineer transition existing monolithic architecture into a microservices-oriented one and assist with DevOps. Will use google cloud platform, google cloud run, google pub/sub, firebase. Additional task being helping to transition backend to FastAPI framework.

Compensation/location (unpaid/remote) is a nonfactor. as someone who wants to pursue SWE and primarily backend development, which first internship would be the best option to set me up in my career and future internships?

I'm really interested by the DevOps component for Option B, but i'm less certain because I don't know whether the technologies used (fastapi, pub/sub, firebase) are that marketable. But I also think working and iterating on an existing codebase is more representative of the type of work I'd be doing in industry.

For option A, I like the from-scratch aspect and the exposure I will get to being a part of each stage of the process, building a fullstack application integrated with a lot of backend data. Downside here is I think the company mission is a little less exciting, and quality of the mentorship/leadership may be a little weaker and less organized.

any help would be appreciated! also let me know if i shold cross post this somewhere, didn't meet karma min for r/cscareerquestions. Thanks!
Hello there. I am trying to apply for jobs after graduating from university. Occasionally, I will get messages from recruiters, but it is very rare. I tried to apply for 200 jobs this month. Is there anything that I can improve so I can get better response rate. My resume is in the following link. [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yYK8Rz2KjWi2lD\_PtPc3vTGeBNrLWZ1A/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114628721351441316908&rtpof=true&sd=true](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yYK8Rz2KjWi2lD_PtPc3vTGeBNrLWZ1A/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114628721351441316908&rtpof=true&sd=true)
I have a cs degree and 3 years of tech support/network experience. What jobs would I qualify for? I'm currently working on my ccna. I have comptia A+, SolarWinds, and google IT Pro.
Most jobs I've seen are still tech support or help desk or field technician. 🤔 I'm trying to wfh.
I wouldn't necessarily recommend it over a salaried gig. It certainly is my preference but if you're twiddling your thumbs, might as well try.


YMMV. I make like $100k/year on Upwork and I bill $120/hour. I work about 18 hours/week average. It can go up and down wildly but thats the average. I've also been a developer for 20 years so don't expect that rate if you have way less experience. I see people I'd actually hire from $35 to $125 typically. Here's some notes / tips:


1. Niche matters. I work in a somewhat dead platform. People still have systems in it but no one is writing anything new in it. If you know something niche, set up a search monitor that that. ( Google Ads API, Bubble.io, Salesforce, etc, etc )


2. Don't be discouraged by the amount of "$5/hour, need 20 years experience" posts. Just ignore them. I do. See #3


3. Use the search RSS feeds to rig up alerts. I did a bunch of searches ( all with Hourly checked and a relatively high $/hour and then I wrote some code to monitor the RSS feeds for those every minute and send me a Slack for new gigs )


4. Seriously ignore fixed price jobs. On Upwork and everywhere, forever. You can give estimates but always include a disclaimer that its just an estimate and you will be billing by the hour. Even firms with teams of business analysts and project managers and loads and loads of process like scope change forms, etc, etc, get burned and go back to hourly-only billing. Been around long enough to see A LOT of lawsuits in my day over this. Hourly billing only forever.


5. There are cheapskate clients on there but there's loads of clients on there who get that you get what you pay for.


6. Number of Proposals: is to be ignored. I OFTEN get gigs with 50+ proposals. Most of those are probably garbage proposals.


7. You can copy/paste an intro/proposal but write one custom line at the top specific to their gig. When I hire on these kinds of platforms, an intro sentence to my gig makes a huge difference. Tells me they read it.


8. I do pay the $15/month for "connects" Also, Upwork takes 10% of my earnings. Absolutely fair IMO. Marketing costs money. Usually more than that.


9. Good communication is the most important thing. There's a lot of TERRIBLE communicators. Don't be them. Write, speak and screenshare well. Good rule for success in the entire industry really.


Note: I know nothing about getting approved for Upwork. I've been on it since it was ELance ( it was unusable then IMO )
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
6 YoE, recently got a new job with great salary and benefits, great team, fun projects and well organized company structure, it is a great local (not in US or EU) opportunity that works with companies in EU so I'm pretty set in terms of my current goals.

I'm not in any form of hurry to change a job for like two years, I have plans other than a career like marriage but I want to relocate to US or EU with my future wife at some point so I want to progress myself on the side in preparation for a career abroad, preferably US.

So my career question is a little long term, basically a 2 year plan of self development that I have some questions about like how to keep upto date with market in US, how to progress my skills in addition to my job, how can I know what skills to progress in are desirable in US, how to network in US for when the time comes for a job change, how to display my skills for future applications when time comes, how to even get permission to work in US or become a developer eligible for that.

Basically, I want to progress my career into US with my free time, I figure contributing to open source projects with US developers would be one way to both progress my skills and network. I also plan on doing the good ol' HackerRank on the side. I figure certain certifications like from Microsoft and Google would also be a positive but not sure which certificates would be worth it. Lastly I plan to have a more active Github presence as with open source projects and putting personal projects I normally do on Github.
What websites are recommended for internship searching? Currently, I use LinkedIn and Google searching. I wanted to know if there are any better websites to try out.
I've seen a lot of incorrect things said about embedded on this sub. I've also seen a lot of new grads who are interested in the embedded space (perhaps due to saturation in webdev) but hear "the pay isn't good" or "you'll never get in without circuit knowledge". So, I just wanted to create a quick informational post on all of this for any interested students or professionals.
 
By far, one of the biggest things I see people say is that embedded pay isn't good. This is just incorrect, and it might suprise you to find that if you look at the 2023 half-year report from glassdoor or the one from levels, you find that specialized embedded positions are actually tied with specialized back-end positions for the second highest paying dev jobs (first is specialized AI). However, if you look on the low end of the spectrum, embedded can also be one of the lowest paying in the industry. This means that embedded has a very wide pay range. In fact, it's the widest pay ranges of out of all the dev specialties. This is why I think it gets a bad rap.

To start off, there are two types of embedded developers. Lacking proper names, I'll make them up: "SWE embedded" and "Full Stack SWE embedded".

1. "Embedded SWE" - In job descriptions, you'll see a CS or ECE or EE degree is typically required. For government job listings, you typically will need to obtain only a public trust or a secret clearance. This type of embedded engineer can be broken down into three clear knowledge levels: junior, mid, senior.

For juniors, you'll be doing linux userspace applications, low-level comms (UART, SPI, I2C), maybe some bit-banging, datasheet register mappings, device driver modifications, basic IC bring up. You'll begin to understand what the C "volatile" keyword is and just start to begin to understand why, on some CPUs, you should ensure your are using memory aligned word accesses.

For mids, you'll move on to advanced topics such as linux kernel modifications like IRQ implementations, device drivers, bare metal bringup, and performant interrupt handling matters. You'll begin to understand cache hits/misses/flushes. You'll have a mastery of the C or C++ language.

For seniors, you'll do all of the above, but you'll spend most of your time working on more of the neuanced problems such as determining if you can get away with IPC by just segmenting off a portion of DDR so the Linux kernel can't access it, if you should convert some of your system interrupts to FIQ on ARM for more performance, architecting for things like efficient pointer operations, responsible for the make hierarchy so all products have a unified build, input on what processors to use for specific applications.

2. "Full Stack Embedded SWE" - In job descriptions, you'll see these jobs typically require an ECE or EE degree but sometimes CS degrees in the junior level.
For government job listings, they often require at minimum a secret or top secret/sci clearance. They often encompass most of the knowledge that is required for an "Embedded SWE" but also require pre-requisite circuit knowledge as you'll be working with hardware.

A "full stack embedded SWE" job also can expose you to do some hardware-esque coding things such as FPGA coding (VHDL, veralog), advance bootloaders for initialization (a BIOS), FW recovery management (like firmware fail-over support for things like pacemakers) - all of which an "Embedded SWE" wouldn't typically do.

Furthermore, the hardware component that accompanies the full-stack engineer brings along two additional knowledge levels: beginner and proficient. There is no "expert" because most of the time, your company will have EEs create the circuit or PCB (you'll end up becoming more of an EE if they don't).

-----

Both paths share the same "engineering" heritage. If engineering means applied physics, you actually have to use physics because you are interacting with the real world (hardware). A "full stack embedded SWE" may no-doubtably be required to do more of that than an "embedded SWE" however. I think this distinction comes down to the underlying education of CS vs ECE or EE. For example, both may require knowledge of the following topics: FFTs, RF, nyqist zones, analog mixers, etc. But due to the fact that most engineering schools in the US are ABET accredited, the full-stack engineer, however, will already have exposure to these topics due to higher math requirements, circuit classes, ectera, and thus pick up the knowledge quicker (something companies like).

With respect to the physics depth you'll have to get into: A good analogy is that you won't need to derive the Boltzmann constant like a physicist would, but you'll need to understand what it means with respect to an ADC. A senior "Embedded SWE" may understand that it has something to do with determining the most precise value of the ADC, but the senior "Full Stack Embedded Engineer" will understand that it directly correlates to the ADCs noise floor.

-----



Job Security: According to the past reports and the market analysis hiring data that I have access to from my work, embedded engineers tend to have much more job stability than average with most staying 10+ years at one company. Of course - depending on the company- your salary may stagnate during that time if you aren't getting wage increases.


Companies To Work For: You have a plethora to choose from: DoD personnel, government contractors (LM, raytheon, Booz), smaller boutique government contractors (not naming names), and private sector jobs (Ford, Siemens, SpaceX, Amazon, Google). Be aware that the pay band is significant between them depending on your experience.

Compensation: The lower you feel you rank on the skill-set chain, go with a bigger corporation (public or private). As long as they have non-embedded SWEs on staff, you will get paid pretty much what they are getting paid.

If you are a senior 'full stack' embedded, Raytheon is offering $198k base in D.C currently and LM is offering 203k base (no clue on bonuses or RSUs). Furthermore, some large companies have Skunkworks projects (a term made by LM) in which you will become a DoD personnel, but an employee of the over-arching company. In this case, your bonus can become significant upon project completion.

I would argue though that if you are a senior "full stack" embedded SWE, you should shy away from large companies as your bread and butter is going to be with private government boutique contractors. A friend of mine works at one with a $320k base. Private government boutiques also offer percentages of the government contract you are working on paid out yearly. So you could effectively double your salary every year - this is the equivalent of RSUs). They are typically hard to find however as they are small by design and specialized companies with very bright people working at them and they typically only have one major group of government projects (night vision goggles as an example) so new openings are rare. A good way to find them however is to Google search for companies that have government contracts in your area.

Remote work: This is hit or miss as you are mostly working with hardware. If you work for the government, you may be required to work in a SCIF or government base. If you are private sector, it's around 50/50. Many still have remote setup from COVID so they are still largely WFH.

Location: You will find several embedded "hubs" around the US as they tend to congregate around US government sites. Unlike the other dev disciplines, you may or may not find private companies in your immediate location. Like I mentioned before, job stability is good however.

Work/Life Balance: Not much to say here as this is very variable with the company. To be honest, most of the time you will work less than 40 hours per week. But then there may be some weeks where you may work more. This is true when you are just starting out as you should learn as much as you can. Embedded is one of those jobs where it takes a long time to train somone on the product, so it's better from the company perspective to keep them on the payroll, even if there is no work to do, then it is to contract a role out when there is work that needs to be done.

Overtime: See above. Usually none, but depends on the company. Sub-sub (yes two subs) government contractors can typically work non-forced paid overtime.  A sub-sub contractor is if for instance LM has a contract with the government, but they hire the Canon company  to make an optical sensor for the contract. There are plenty of sub-sub contractor engineering firms out there who are too specialized to make an entire product but focus on making a specific part for a product.

Closing thoughts: r/embedded membership has increased dramatically as well this last year, so I encourage you to sub if you are interested in embedded.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
I am a software engineer with 3 years of experience, currently pursuing a Masters Degree. Looking back on all the programming I've done since 2013, I have noticed that I prefer tasks that involve writing small automation scripts.

I am not particularly interested in writing production quality code, thinking about scalability and architecting large systems for the long run. The problems that I like to solve are terminal and things that can be figured out in a short span of time (a week max) through googling.

I have a bit of research experience as well, wherein I enjoyed conducting literature surveys (got to know a lot about a new field in a short time) and writing manuscripts. However, I do not enjoy the steps in between, which includes formulating hypothesis, designing experiments and the whole cycle of adjusting experimental parameters. I am mildly interested in the analysis of results.

What kind of positions/roles in tech industry would be suited to my psyche?
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
I got this today, and just wanted to put this out there in case anyone is googling it trying to do their own research in the future.  All it does is scan words and tell you which your resume doesn't have, and it doesn't remake the resume you have- it turns it into a completely new resume which looks like a 3rd grader put it together.  It just puts a ton of keywords at the bottom under "skills" so it lines up better.  They got my money, don't waste yours.
There is a weird idea going around that the ability to get a job is directly correlated to your ability, but in my experience, it is not that correlated.

A lot of the job search comes down to credentials more than ability because recruiters will search for heuristics to save time.

**At the junior level, it is hard to just secure interviews, but from what I see, the most important factors are referrals, previous experience (all about the brand of the company), and education.**  ***Those credentials may correlate with ability, but they have little explanatory power of your outcome.***

For every bootcamper in 2021 who graduated with a FAANG job making 200K, there is an Eric Barone who can design complex games, yet is still unemployed.

&#x200B;

TLDR: On average, ability does help to get better jobs, but the massive variance of outcomes means that there will always be incompetent people working at Google and competent ones working at a corner store.  Ability has little explanatory power.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
 I work as a software developer right now, but I am a terrible interviewer. An interviewer asked me a question like “can you tell me what your process is when solving a problem” my first answer would always be “google it”, but the interviewers did not like that answer.

An interviewer asked me stuff on concepts such as “what’s the difference between an interface and an abstract class” and I didn’t know it. I really want to try to learn the concepts of Computer science better because I am awful when it comes to explaining my job role.

How did you learn the CS concepts better, what resources did you use? I am struggling with my confidence in my role as a Developer because I am very good at my job, but if someone asked me to explain my job I wouldn’t know what the heck to say.
Hi,

I’m a freshman and, as the only one from my friend group, I got accepted for a somewhat prestigious hackathon in my region (Google & Optiver are the main sponsors). I’m from a small town, so outside of projects & internships my CV is kinda lacking in extracurriculars.

I still managed to get through Google STEP’s CV screening this season, but if I don’t get it, I’m planning on applying next year with an even stronger profile. Do recruiters at these companies look at hackathons or is it something I shouldnt even put on my CV?
I saw one video where a developer at Google said she travels a lot and works out of Google’s global offices. 

How does that work from a work visa perspective? Surely you can’t be on a tourist visa. Is this only relevant for countries with digital nomad visas? 

What other companies allow this?
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Hello everyone!

I work as a Software Developer for a company where we use Django framework to render a medical related application on web.

Before joining this company, I had never worked on Django before but I was pretty well versed with Python (solved leetcode problems and have done some Machine Learning projects in school using Python). After I joined here, I feel like there is a big Django related learning curve that I have to get over in order to find and fix bugs more efficiently. I watched a couple of Django tutorials on Youtube but those videos go through basics (I have to say, there are some good explanations there to check out but obviously it does not relate back to the code base I work with).

However, I still feel like I could get way better at what I do and get better at Django.

Instead of asking chatGPT about random code snippets from our code base and what the potential bug could be, can I use it to understand the whole code base in one sitting? It feels like I am taking a shortcut and not actually learning by looking up documentation on Google but I want to leverage AI to understand my whole code base and become a better engineer.

Questions:  
\- What is the best way to understand any code base; regardless of what tech stack it might be?  
\- Should I use ChatGPT at all? If yes, should I stick to 3.5 version or pay the premium subscription and go for 4.0?  
\- How much can I leverage ChatGPT or tools like Github co-pilot to debug and solve problems quicker?

Thank you for the help in advance! :)
Hey folks. I'm looking for some professional opinions here. I hope it's ok to ask this here. 

In 2005 I studied 3d animation and got a job in 2006 working on a playstation 3 game. I was good at the work but slower at 3d modeling than the other junior artists. I worked there for a year but it was a pretty toxic work environment and I couldn't handle working 60-80 hours a week for the low salary.

Then in 2007 I started learning how to build websites. But I never really learned to code properly. Here's a little context. I have pretty bad ADHD and get obsessed with things and very hyper focused and that's when I learn the most. But I'm also bipolar and went undiagnosed for a long time.

At the time I had a buddy who was making 80k doing sort of sketchy stuff with Google adsense where he wrote shitty articles focused on a keyword that sent people to a website full of ads disguised as menu items. It was sort of shady but I thought I could learn enough HTML to try and do something similar without being shady. He was focused on the instant pay day loan industry where they get low income folks trapped in a loan cycle. I thought I could learn it and focus on non shady areas. 

Anyway I started learning HTML and soon found joomla. Then google changed their algorithm and all the adsense money dried up but I was more interested in joomla by then anyway. I got a little obsessed with joomla and got a contract to build a site for a shop, then a few more, then in 2008 landed a full time job as web guy. Since I'd worked as a 3d artist I was already fast in photoshop. 

I worked for a year then they downsized and I got a new job to build a magento store. I did that for a year and got familiar with magento. Then I invented a product and had to learn CNC routing and laser cutting. My 3d modeling skills came into play. I put my product on a magento store and managed it for years doing upgrades and integrating PayPal, then stripe.

When the economy collapsed around 2009 (I think) I got retrenched but kept on as a contractor. I did web sites for other people doing more magento, joomla and WordPress. Around this time odesk was taking off and I found myself competing against Indian computer engineers who wanted $7 usd an hour. I landed a contract with a company that ran magento selling fuel tanks and they did 55 million a year in sales and had a good marketing budget. I outsourced some of the work to an Indian guy I met through odesk but I didn't manage it well due bipolar symptoms and lost the contract. 

I tried learning php but one of the ADHD symptoms is a low tolerance for frustration and I couldn't seem to learn it on my own with YouTube or udemy courses. I did other work for a while but kept running my magento site selling the invention. I got into industrial rope access doing NDT and radiography but all the work was in oil refineries and they were shitty places to spend 40+ hrs a week but the money was decent. I did that for about 5 years.

Magento released a new version and it required more ram to run and needed a VPS. I spent some time trying to get Magento 2 to run on an AWS VPS but I couldn't figure out the nginx configs and eventually gave up. 

I was also into torrenting and set up an offshore full time seed box with a headless transmission client and an ssh tunnel from my firefox browser and I liked learning how to get it all going.

Around this time my bipolar started getting worse and I got really depressed.

In 2018 I did a web development boot camp with the hopes of getting back into full time web work. I thought I could learn JavaScript to add to my HTML and CSS skills to do frontend webdev. I was on ADHD meds and those triggered a hypomania episode and it kind of derailed my bootcamp. At the time I was still undiagnosed for bipolar so I didn't understand what was happening to me. I struggled with getting my head around the more abstract side of programming concepts. But I also got a bit obsessed with getting my windows machine to dual boot Linux and get my Linux environment just so for the bootcamp. We had a team project and I managed it and it went well. We used ruby on rails and bootstrap and a material UI theme to build a Web app. I was better at the front end stuff and was also good at managing the team and making sure everyone was doing their part of the project. 

At the end of the bootcamp I applied for a job but my bipolar symptoms got really bad and I fell into a huge depression and got convinced I'd never be able to get a job competing against other people with computer science degrees or folks who were naturally good at coding and math. 

The bootcamp focused a lot on JavaScript and npm and a little jquery.

I wonder if I would have been better off spending that time learning php so I could work as a magento front end developer, since I know alot about magento and there's good paying jobs.

I've never did well at math or at school because of my ADHA and I think I also had some bipolar symptoms early on that made it all worse. 

I'm almost 50, pretty broke and have nothing to show for my life so far. I'm feeling really desperate because of my financial situation right now. The bipolar has kind of made my life really emotionally unstable and going undiagnosed for so long didn't help either. 

I don't know if I'm intelligent but struggle due bipolar and ADHD, or if I'm just stupid and persistent. I get a bit ocd when trying to learn some things and sometimes it gets me a decent way but then other times I hit a wall of frustration and impatience.

I've been listening to this podcast called darknet dairies and there's lots of stuff about info security jobs and I wonder if that might be a good option for me. 

Are there any programmers with ADHD that struggled to learn to code but got over that hurdle?

Does anyone have ideas about tech related things I could do with a wide range of general skills but not an expert in any of them?

I just wonder if there's a way I can get my experience to work for me in some type of role I haven't actually thought of. I'm ok at setting up mail servers, configuring Apache and htaccess. I've always run xampp on windows or lamp on Linux. 

I did a few shopify sites for people but working with folks who aren't making money through e-commerce yet always sucks. They want a high end site for a low end budget and they also aren't really familiar with the pipeline and ask you to redo this or that once they see it. There's a high tendency for scope creep.

If I learned JavaScript do you think I'd be able to get a job as a front end dev at my age? Do people age out of tech? Is it ridiculous to think I can get back into web stuff at 50? 

I'm feeling pretty desperate and feel like maybe I could buy a house if I got a decent paying job. Do people last in the tech sector past 40 or 50? 

I hope I can get stable enough on meds to work for another 20 years or so…

Any ideas or suggestions would be welcome. 

Also  I know I'm a fuck up so if you want to tell me that, fyi I already know :-)

I'm Aussie and I live in Australia right now but I also lived in California for 15 years. I could go back to the states for work if I had the opportunity. 
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
I'm 28 years old and a final-year student majoring in computer science. I was supposed to graduate two years ago. I've been working before, but not in the CS/IT field. Now I've been unemployed for 5 years. The last few years have been miserable for me.

I know I didn't use my opportunity to study well in college, and I really regret it. That's why I'm participating in the CS career preparation program at my college, because I want to start a career in CS but I'm still lacking skills. It's kind of a bootcamp and free, the program was actually led by Google. But I don't know man, everything is just too difficult and hard for me. Feels like I just want to give up. The program is going to end in the next two months, and we're required to create a project based on a real-life problem. I feel really stressed and down because I still don't know what to do or what I can even do.

I want to quit the program and focus on my college, graduate asap and get a job. But I know that with my skills, I can't get a decent job. I don't even have relevant skills to get a job in another field, so it feels like I don't have any other better options, and the fact that I'm quite old (at least in my country for job vacancies) makes it even worse.

I always thought maybe CS isn't for me, I'm not smart or persistent enough. Even from the very first time I entered college, it's always been a tough time for me.

What do you guys think ?

I really appreciate it if you guys read this, comment is even more appreciated. I've been holding this for a long time, and now I decided to write it down here. Thank you !
I work at a bank, talked with a customer about my plans for getting into CS. Blah blah blah, I told her I generally do a bottom up strategy (apply at the shit job, then progressively move up) she said do the opposite, cause you’d be surprised at what they’re looking for). 

I understand that google, Roblox, etc would be the “top” but what would the rest look like? I’ve heard of WITCH jobs are supposed to be not as glamorous. 

Please don’t make this post more than what it is lol, basically just how to group different companies as “top, middle, bottom” my common opinions from those in the industry. 

Yes I know it’s different everywhere and people had horrible experiences at google, and a wonderful time at bobs snow cone shop. Just typical generalities.
I've been Googling career paths that are technical and customer-oriented.

I work in B2B customer success and am doing certifications in Python and MySQL. I'd like to stay in a role that's customer-facing and also technical.

What do Customer Success Engineers actually do, day-to-day?

Also, somewhat related: What does a Solutions Architect do, day-to-day?
Hello, I(29M) just finished my degree in Computer Science that I did in Malaysia and went back home: the poorest country in Africa. There is literally nothing that is Computing related, even the bigger companies are not looking for technical people. 

I guess I was too stubborn when I went to study as I thought with a CS degree I could expat in another country and get some opportunities but now I'm approaching my 30s and no experience in tech beside a 6-month internship in a startup in Malaysia. 

For background, I did a diploma in France for 2 years and a half. It's quite common for high school graduates here to go to France to study and usually we try to secure a job there. However while a was doing my "licence", which is roughly equivalent to a bachelor, my mom got cancer which forced me to come back home. Since we don't have medical facilities or qualified people to handle cases like that, we had to go to a nearby country for medical reasons. After she got a total remission, I decided to go to Malaysia to study CS just because it was more affordable.

All in all, being too old and without any experience, I can't really find any opportunities outside and there is also no opportunities in my country and I'm getting desperate and i feel like i shouldn't have dreamed of working in tech after all. 

I guess I'm just making this post to ask for any feedback or advice of any sort. How can I accept the fact that things are just over and that I have to move on with my life ? Thank you

-------
Tldr: graduated from a CS degree and I don't know what to do since I'm living in the poorest country in the world and there are no opportunities in tech here and I'm too old and with no experience to work in any other country. What steps can I take or what can I do to make my life better or at least decent? Thanks


Edit : Wow... thank you all for taking the time to give me all these awesome answers. I went to sleep I couldn't take the despair at some point.

Edit1: I'm trying to get some interviews with the bigger companies here just to get a feel of the market and just have a conversation with the companies. Today during my interview with the CEO of the company, he told me I was too old to try find something in France for example as the time for that should have been when I was 22 or 23.

Edit2: Again, I would like to really thank all of you for taking the time to give me some advice and feedback. I really appreciate it. I was not expecting to get so many responses 😅 . So, from all the answers here the best path would be to find freelance remote work to get the little experience and leverage that to get out. Thanks all

Edit3: sorry my bad. After googling a bit we're not the poorest country in the world anymore we're "just" one of the poorest countries in the world.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
So this is mainly for SWE positions. And by job stability I mean your skills will remain in demand and you can easily find a new job if need be. Frontend is pretty straightforward, either React or Angular, and Typescript. Backend is a bit trickier. From my googling it says Python or Java, but Im pretty sure a big chunk of Python jobs are for data science. So is Java the way to go? I mainly use Node for backend, but I see a lot more positions for Java, Python, .Net or, C#. 

I thought the language you used didnt matter much because you learned the fundamentals in any language and can pick up a new one quickly, but from my experience it seems it does matter.
I'm a new grad working at a reputed, large and we'll established company. I have around 4 months of experience. The thing is I was interviewed for software Engineer role but I'm allocated to a support project, the project allocation is random because I had learned things like git, Bash, Linux etc., which are used in development but people who don't knew these were given development role. I also know C, modern C++, Python, some SQL, REST APIs, postman etc., but I'm not getting the opportunity to use any of them or any other tech stack.
My current support role has no growth and no transferable skills to learn
I have not written a single line of code for the company, infact I haven't seen any codebase and the irony is my title is SWE.
All we need to do is monitor lots of processes, and if anything fails, we need to take some actions and send emails.
There is no documentation and my teammates does not know, and / or not willing to explain things to me, since all these are internal tools and can't be googled
There is no proper KT and I'm working in shift alone and if anything goes wrong, I'll be responsible for that.
Also whatever has been taught to me by the senior teammates, most of it is wrong and my manager thinks I made the mistake. When I clarify that I was instructed to do the with that way by person X, manager asks me to send email stating that person X told me to do so and then scolds X, which makes my relationship with X more difficult.
I spoke with my manager that I want development but he only has support and DevOps teams under him.
The company policy is that we need to wait 18 months to switch projects, but my manager said he will push me to DevOps after my probation period is over which is 6 months, so still 3 months to go
I'm not sure how it works but I want to be completely transferred to a developement or atleast DevOps project and don't want to work in my current support project. I also don't want to be juggling tasks from both which I think what he will propose
I can't even switch since I don't have enough experience and the market is not great right now
I also need to pay some amount to the company if I leave within a year so there's that (they provided accomodation)

I even applied to lots of other companies, including microsoft twice and twilio once, mind you with referrals for the application but rejected. One microsoft position required cs degree and 1+ year of exp but I was rejected.
I believe my resume shows I'm not doing development or any programming related work even though I've embellished my resume while keeping it honest and I think it will only get worse if I stay in the same role for a long time.
Sorry for the long text but any advice from you is greatly appreciated

TL; DR
new grad in support role, no code, internal tool used, no KT, and I need to switch to development.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
This is a very speculative post - a quick heads up.

I'm very interested in the ins and outs of compilers - particularly compiler optimization. I took a compiler optimization course in undergrad and did fairly well in it. I didn't get to do anything crazy like contribute to llvm but this has been useful in limited ways - one might be that my work happens to be somewhat compiler-adjacent - by virtue of being systems-oriented and about things such as "why might the compiler optimize out xyz" being important in performant settings.

I'm curious as to how this could shape my career path down the road. It seems very difficult to be able to do compiler work without a PHD, which is more than reasonable. How common is it for people to do some time in the industry, then come back for a PHD? I don't have the best undergrad grades but I have relatively impressive internships and I'm thinking that maybe a career at a high-profile company could help me appear more favorably on readmission. How much utility would having a PHD have in the grand scheme of things?

One way that I could envision is a path similar to Chandler Carruth - who seems to work on things adjacent to build infra as well as compilers at Google per his cppcons. I'm also curious about this because I was recently interviewed by an engineer with a very similar background - some time in a different industry, then a compilers phd, then pivoting to industry where he is doing very well and has the opportunity to work on very high-profile software

Any thoughts/ comments/ criticisms are appreciated!
Google hires remote right? So, say i do the interview and get hired. Could I then hire someone to do the work for me? That would be passive income baby. Google SWE payn me 200k a year, I could then outsource an employee for 50k a year and collect 150k.

Thoughts?
I just wanted to spread a little hope in this sub by sharing my success :) 

Here's a little context: I graduated May of this year and by that time I had sent around 400 applications with not a single interview. Feeling extremely down and burnt out I decided to take the summer to relax and started up job applications back in August. In total I've spent about 6 non-consecutive months applying to jobs.

Here's some more info:

* Job offer is from a small company occupying a niche in the tech industry. Official title is Entry-Level Software Developer
* Their tech stack primarily consists of Java, .NET, Azure and MSS. I have zero professional experience with this tech (and I didn't pretend otherwise), but I applied on a whim anyway
* $90k base salary in a city that rhymes with bhicago; 3 days in, 2 days remote
* Found the job on LinkedIn, applied on company's website. This has been my main strategy. I also used Indeed, Google, Wellfound and Otta here and there with varying success. Using only LinkedIn is sufficient IMO
* I'm a US citizen
* Graduated in 2021 with a non-CS STEM bachelor's from a reputable state university; 3 years of research experience using lots of Python and MATLAB, but 0 SWE experience otherwise
* I just graduated with a master's in CS from a T25 university; one internship as an SRE with exposure to Django and SQL being the only relevant experience I gained
* 0 years of professional SWE experience
* Decent projects, mix of classwork and side projects
* Made a personal website to showcase my projects and linked it whenever I could

If someone as inexperienced as me can land a software dev job, you definitely can. Check job postings often and be sure to apply early to have a higher chance of your resume getting looked at! Best of luck, people :) 
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
I think this is a really dumb question and I'm way overthinking it, but I'd love to get a second opinion.

I'm interviewing for an application developer senior / staff level position at a FAANG subsidiary and was told the initial technical phone screen would consist of a system design where I was asked to design "an everyday object." I've Googled for examples of this, and most of them are very basic OOP design scenarios that seem more suited for an entry- or maybe mid-level role. Almost every "system design" example online of any complexity is in web dev where there's lots of discussion about database types and load balancers and server architecture, etc. None of which is relevant to the position I'm applying for.

I'm pretty sure I'm just overthinking this and it's intended to be a very easy question that weeds out people who really shouldn't be applying for the job. But some part of my anxiety is telling me that I'm not understanding the problem and I'm going to be totally unprepared. Would love to hear from someone else who's gone through this and can give me an idea of what to expect / if there's anything I should study.

Thanks in advance!
I learned c++ years ago but nothing fancy. I know syntax and basics. And I used it only for competitive programming (again nothing fancy other than google code jams and hackerrank) and for game development with UE4.

Now I'm really dedicated to improve my skillset thus besides starting learning new languages(mooc.fi java course) I thought getting excellent at my favorite language would be good. How can I achieve this? Should I get a  something like advanced c++ course or should I work on other things like algorithms and math? Or maybe do some Projects many people suggest it but the problem is I really have no idea what kind of projects I should be doing or how hard?

Lastly I forgot to mention I'm a freshman and my goal is to land a job in space or defence industry so I'm also planning to learn Ada.
I finished my MSCS in August 2021, then had a very successful job hunt, or at least I thought. I interviewed for a position and was told they use every technology that is needed to solve the problem. When I got into the role, it turned out to be a low code platform. I was bummed, but I quickly branched out to show my competence in other areas and was able to build a chatbot that would direct new hires to any kind of information they needed within our internal network and had integrated with microsoft 365 and was a bot within MS Teams. This was a huge win for my team and when asked if we wanted to productionize it, we decided against it because it would have been too much work in addition to our other work. Then I asked my manager if he would feel comfortable if I interviewed at other branches within my org. He then said that they had an AI project starting up and if I wanted to get in on it. It was mainly around classification and regression, but was a nice change of pace. For the last 18 months or so, I have been doing this work with scikit-learn, tensorflow, pandas, and building endpoints with Spring to serve the models.  
  
Though I am on this ML project and have been doing somewhat interesting work, I feel like I am stagnating. Given that I am the go-to for this work, I probably should easily be paid 40-50% more than I am currently making; however, when I look at ML jobs, it seems like generative is all the rave and I do not have experience here.  
  
  
  
I am thinking about new steps as far as career development. Should I just be doubling down on leet code and system design, or should I be learning a generative AI skill such as tuning, etc, or should I learn something like k8 and Kubeflow, or should I get a google or AWS certification?  
  
  
  
There are so many options and I would like to be able to interview for a new position within the next six months to a year because my current salary (roughly 110K) needs to improve. I have no issues moving into a new part of ML such as genAI, or even MLOps, but with so many options, I wanted to hear what some other people thought about it, or if they were in a similar situation.
I’m a senior engineer that works remotely. 

My day consists of:

-15 minute standup on MS Teams.

-Followed by almost no human interaction for the rest of the day. 

-If I have a question about requirements on a JIRA, I need to send an email or wait a long time for a response from the product / business side because they are in meetings all day. Hopping on an ad hoc teams call is a rarity. 

-There is almost no collaboration amongst other engineers. We’re expected to use ChatGPT or google search or ask stack overflow. 

How do you guys deal with this limited amount of social interaction day in and day out? Even if we’re introverts, humans are social creatures and loneliness is said to be as harmful to the body as smoking cigarettes. 

Do you just get used to it? Do you supplement with social activities after work? Do you play online games during work hours to take your mind off of it?
Can't believe. I am a non-CS student, who's trying to get in Masters in CS, and recently been joining hackathon run by Google as a team of three. (Frontend part was solely done by me) Don't know exactly how many teams participated, but already 180+ teams were shortlisted for the first round. Now, my team has been shortlisted as top 10 and waiting for the final speech. Is it worthwhile to mention in CV? I mean, do recruiters even care? Please, note that I am referring to applications for internships and grad roles only.
So I didn’t quite know where to ask this but after thinking about it a bit I think it fits into this sub. As a part of GitHub Education I’ve been granted access to Jetbrain IDE licenses, GitHub Copilot and much more. I’m still a Student, means I’m still actively learning how to program. It’s crazy how good the Code suggestions are and I’m pretty sure that if I use Copilot right it can speed up my work process by a lot. My question is, does it make sense to use it for me as a student? Is it more like a teacher or faster Google or rather a way for me to slack off and think less about what I’m doing? Would be interesting to hear your experiences and advice.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
I'm a mid level SDE within AWS. I've seen a lot of changes in my 5 years, but I don't feel like I'm taken seriously enough to really drive change outside of my immediate manager 

I want to increase the sense of urgency and responsibility around things like operations and security. These two are stacking up the tickets on us and if you asked anyone they would say this is where we need to most improve, but nothing really changes.

Googling this question leads to clickbait articles about the top 6 keys to success and so forth. What has actually helped you improve these aspects of work for you in the past?
Hey all,   
I have wanted to be a software engineer since I was a kid after playing with linux and the fight to get networking working (nothing like solving those really hard problems, just feels so good) and talking to my uncle's friend who worked at google.   
Had kind of given up on it but then lost my job during covid and decided to make a run for it. Ended up getting hired in 2021 and laid off in 2023 and of course I am hunting for a job (and it is brutal, way harder despite having experience now) and in the interim I want to keep working on stuff but.. I am kind of struggling with motivation and deciding on what to do. Have done some little python projects to learn a bit about it but am hoping to meet people who are also interested but... I will be honest I have no clue how to do that really.   
Also, any general tips on networking to find a job would be much appreciated, have a second child on the way (found out a week before being laid off) and if I am being honest.. I am a little scared lol. Have most experience in Kotlin and Java (mainly backend web) and a bit of Flutter, some front end work and a bit of python. I have tried the normal avenues, reaching out on linkedin, cold applying etc but have come up pretty empty and feel like there must be more I can do. I know it's a tough market but a single, automated coding challenge being the only affirmative response I have had in 3 months indicates there is more I could do.   


Sorry for the rant. Been wanting to ask for help for a bit but didn't know this sub even existed. Hope this is the right spot and thanks in advance for any help!

Edit: I’m in Montana so physical meetups are a challenge. 
hi,

I'm a current junior, and I haven't really applied to any internships yet and was wondering if it was too late for faang/unicorns? I know google is closing in a few days, but unsure about the rest.
I took the C++ assessment or whatever they are called and it was all things that could very easily be googled in real time

It seems like a waste of time, but let me know if those are actually important

thanks so much!
Hello CSCareerQuestions, 
I'm running a survey for my college class about working with a disability in the tech field. If you're impacted by this issue in any way any response would be appreciated!

[link to survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdC8rsci8yCAXHs61zK-VbEWxcfuGNRQQIBKWkFqIYB3OVZ5Q/viewform)
Reading this sub has made me very pessimistic about the CS industry as a whole. It seems like people everywhere are getting laid off.

Are layoffs really that common in this field? Are the people laid off just the loudest? How long are these people usually out of work for?

My impression is that if you get laid off from your job at a top company like Google, you’ll have enough prestige on your resume to be able to quickly get a job elsewhere. Other companies, I’m not so sure.
Hello, I just moved to London and started working at Bloomberg and from what people say it seems be like at the top of the pyramid it terms of WLB/compensation ratio, besides terrible work life balance hedge funds or super hard to get into quant firms, what are my future choices?  For now I only now Meta which pays a bit more but also has slightly worse WLB, Google surprisingly has terrible WLB in London where as in US they were good
My boss said he want to hire me for being a schedule C contractor for a defense position. Now he said the compensation is 5% of the revenue.

I have googled it. Schedule C is a 1024, which only tells the earn and cost, not a tax form for income.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
I got a new job as a junior swe, and I cannot help but feel underprepared and incompetent.

The job is great, a lot of benefits, decent pay, amazing work environment, but I can’t help but feel like i was never educated on the things we’re working on and i have no clue what i’m doing. I end up googling a lot of things and feel like i’m so slow at getting work done. This is my first job out of college and i’m living my dream, but i’m so stressed out because i feel like i’m far behind my coworkers, who granted, have more experience, but still, i should be able to do what they’re asking of me, right? i’m ranting a little, but i’m having so much anxiety about being fired, and i just want to know what other people’s experiences are as a recent grad getting their first job as a swe. did you feel overwhelmed? did you feel prepared and did you know how to do everything?
Someone asked this and I thought i'd just make this a post

1. **Asking questions without being specific about what you're stuck on and what you tried**.  Asking questions when you're stuck is good.  Asking bad questions wastes everyone's time.  Don't say "hey i'm stuck on getting X to pass tests can you help".  You say *"Hey i'm stuck on X.  I thought i'd try fixing it by googling and I found this SO post that says maybe cosmic rayrs are flipping bits.  That seemed weird so I then tried changing our thread pool to match the code in Y, but it still was broken.   Now i'm thinking I'll rewrite this in Rust, am I on the right track?"*

2. **Not knowing when to split out code into separate functions or methods**. Generally want to do this when you either get code reuse, or it improves readability.  Don't do it just to do it.  If you have a huge function but splitting it out just makes it more convoluted, maybe you leave it and write a TODO: "this may make sense to split out, not sure".  

3. **Only thinking of the happy path**.  A good jr. engineer can parse the JSON, store it into objects, save it to the database. A really good engineer will think about what happens when json parsing fails, Then think about what happens when json parsing works but data validation fails for some fields (do you error the whole thing? or just log? etc). Then, when you write to the database and hte database is overloaded, what do you do? Do you retry? Do you fail? What if the call is async? do you have a timeout? etc.

4. **Finding the right level of abstraction**. Sometimes abstraction is powerful and helps cognitive load, sometimes it adds to it. This one is hard, and you'll never get it perfect all the time.

5.  **Not promoting your work**.  When you do something cool, be it add a feature, refactor something, fix a bug other people didn't notice, write it down and tell people at some point.  This can be as simple as showing your boss, sending a msg to a couple coworkers saying "hey I think this is cool, I found an old bug and fixed it this way. WDYT", it could be making a presentation.  The point is, it is important to document and show your wins, especially ones you are proud of.
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
Hey,   
I've been working as a software engineer for about 2 years now. I was initially a mobile data scientist converted to a mobile developer and then to a full stack developer.   


Till now I haven't cracked any of the big or serious interviews and was selected as a fresher in both my previous jobs. Now I want to take things in my own hands and change the course of my career. If you could answer a few questions for me I'd be grateful to you.;

1. How do you prepare for interviews for big companies like Google, Amazon, DE-Shaw etc.
2. Where to start from, what is the best approach for it? is solving competitive coding questions or is it theory or personal project.
3. Does buying "Cracking the coding interview" a good options?

If you have any other suggestions do let me know, you'll be helping me a lot with whatever you contribute here.   


Thank you.
Currently hooked on making discord bots and plugins for the game Rust. What career paths would be similar to this? C#, Python, making cool things cooler. Not looking to build shitty web apps for PM Mr. George google himself for the rest of my life.

So my dream would be to work as freelancer region and locale currency independet. With all the pros and cons that come with it.  


But I don't know if I'm ready or if there is something missing that I should know before starting. I currently work as a full stack web dev, have 4 months of work experience, I would say I'm devent in PHP, Javascript, HTML, CSS, Nodejs and currently learning golang. I know databases like mysql, mariadb, postgresql, no sql databases shouldn't be challenging, key value shouldn't either.  


I've done some small things with smtp email sending, I integrated payment with stripe in a laravel project but used the PHP stripe api instead of the laravel solution.  


I know some basic auth with jwt and I think it's called OAuth (this stuff with google, github, etc... sign in)


I've written a few rest api's with nodejs (only express, tried nestjs), python with flask, php (raw and laravel)  


I know that every form needs validation on the server side 😂, I would probably if not required only use the default form validation on the frontend.


I'm not too comfortable with deploying, neither on a vps or a huge cloud provider. I'm better with a vps, but still not stable with configuring nginx.  


I would probably just outsource the database (for backups and managing)  


I should improve my knowledge about testing (cypress, unit, e2e tests in combination with ci cd pipelines) and get comfy with golang.


So are there some things I should know/learn, something I'm overlooking right now?  


Appreciate every comment!
People who interned at google, meta or any other big tech companies are getting rejected left and right. People have been laid off and new grads are struggling to get jobs in the industry. What the fuck do they want? What more can you ask from a single person?
Hey everyone! I’m doing an assignment for my English class which requires me to do a poll. I suffer from a disability that more or less kills my ability to code, so I am wondering how many other people suffer from a disability that impacts their ability to code. Please take a moment to fill out my
[google form!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdC8rsci8yCAXHs61zK-VbEWxcfuGNRQQIBKWkFqIYB3OVZ5Q/viewform?usp=sf_link) 
Summary: due to a combination of luck, project management skills, and experience on personal projects I've been promoted SE2 -> Senior -> Lead (IC track, staff-equivalent) within about 2 years after college, now guiding a 6-person engineering team. Not quite sure what to do with myself from here, and while I'm confident in my software skills there's definitely some "applied" knowledge I'm lacking.

The longer story of how I got here is below for those interested, but I'll put my questions first:

1. Suppose I have a clear idea of where I think my team's product and tooling (from an engineering perspective) should be in a year and have enough pull in planning that I likely could draft a full design and set that as a big part of the roadmap. Problem: doing so would take away much of the agency of the other devs on the team. Any good rules of thumb for deciding when/how to intentionally leave "unknowns" in a high-level vision for other people to fill in and thus learn from along the way?
2. How acceptable is it for me to, as lead, occasionally lay claim to minor (\~1 dev-week) engineering projects that interest me outside of the usual "on-level" design/planning/glue/coordination/larger scale work? -- I'm still expected to pull tasks from the sprint board, but sometimes feel guilty about doing things my mid-level teammates would learn more from.
3. Any recommendations for strategies to find existing tech that could be used instead of designing something myself? If there's not something I've seen before I usually resort to searching 'best X for Y' in Google and asking coworkers with relevant experience if they have opinions on the most promising results, which generally works but feels quite clunky.
   1. Related: are there any good references that give a high-level overview of how you would set up various tech stacks and how the pieces fit together? My team is mainly backend data processing, so e.g. if I were asked to setup a full-stack web app from scratch I'd be starting mostly blind.
4. For significant-but-internal projects being worked on by junior/mid-level devs, how closely do you pay attention to the day to day development process? I'm fortunate to have teammates who'll reliably seek advice when they get stuck or have an impactful implementation choice to make, so I usually otherwise just leave them alone until there's questions or a PR: for things without external deadlines, I feel their hands-on independent experience outweighs a bit of planned timeline uncertainty.
5. If I wanted to apply for similarly-leveled positions at a different company in a year or two, to what extent should I expect recruiters to treat YoE as a hard filter? i.e. should I expect to get down-leveled, or is "I am lead here and did XYZ" an adequately compelling argument?
6. I'm sure my relatively rapid ascent has left me with a number of blind spots. Anything in particular I should keep in mind / watch out for?

\---

Story time, for those who want that:

In early 2021, I graduated from a relatively prestigious computer science program and was hired at a mid-level position (returning intern + M.S. degree got me past SE1) by a small but profitable tech company, joining a team of 6 engineers. The company was bought out by a multinational corporation and about six months after I joined all the HR stuff got migrated. Since corporate hadn't yet figured out the local cost-of-living adjustment to salary bands, I was bumped up to Senior Software Engineer to maintain the same base salary (or so I was told). Yeah, "I'm confused but I'll take it" was my thought process. Anyways...

Fast-forward another six months, almost all the other engineers on the team quit for general career shift reasons (the similar timing was coincidental), leaving myself and the fresh-out-of-college new hire. My manager was/is great and clamped down on the stream of feature requests so I could focus on automation+stabilization projects and keeping things online, but over the next few months as the other positions were being backfilled I essentially got the business crash course in "how to mentor/onboard new devs," "how to propose/design/execute on projects," and "how to work productively with product management."

As part of the backfills, the team got a new Lead Engineer. Bad hire, and I ended up taking point on a lot of things that he should have been doing instead. This entailed quite a bit of project planning, coordinating work on cross-team engineering projects (a couple of which I designed and led, with visibility to upper management), acting as engineering lead on large multi-phase projects within the team, etc. When he got fired, the business people decided to promote me to Lead as replacement, rather than seeking another external hire. The career ladder here is senior -> lead -> principal, so "lead" is the local "staff engineer" equivalent.

As a point of context, I've had a fairly significant hobby software project I started just before college: a multiplayer computer game, by now around 100kLoC total between the udp-based client+server and a half dozen web microservices. I of course ran into the usual "learn by doing" pitfalls along the way, but the code's reasonably maintainable and I've picked up a \*lot\* of engineering/systems-design/project-planning experience from the effort. The project is entirely unrelated to my job, but I credit the semi-self-taught knowledge from it with much of my success.

Anyways, time elapsed, graduation to staff level: 2 years 2 months. Age 24. I've been told by both my boss and grand-boss (both of whom have many years in management) that I got promoted because I'd been doing the work they'd have expected from a lead. Compared to other engineers at the same title level, I definitely feel like I'm lacking experience, though, haha... There's a set of interesting/new-tech-to-me projects coming down the pipe for 2024, so I'm looking to make best use of the opportunity to more solidly establish myself as lead rather than immediately going hunting for new things and a proper on-level RSU package.

Questions remain as above. If anybody has answers or just general advice/comments, it'd be much appreciated.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Recently laid off (a week ago), skills and trajectory didn't match company's needs (civil & mechanical engineering knowledge, masters/doctorate degrees in those or related disciplines). I'd already been looking for a new job for a few months already, but now it's go time.

31M, US resident, I have a bachelor's in SE plus 3 yoe, 2 in QA (mostly Python and Selenium, some C#, some JavaScript and HTML/CSS) at larger company; 1.5 in SE (C++, TypeScript, some React.js and Redux, some Python) at a CAE startup; plus internship experience in Python and Selenium. So, not in a niche and still young (career-wise). I recognize that my resume needs improvement (specifically more concrete examples of how my previous work experience made an impact, not just rattling off what I did for work). I also understand that networking makes a world of a difference, or so people say. I've probably applied for fewer than 50 positions over the past few months, with a handful including cover letters, so quantity is surely lacking, as well as quality.

Not really sure where my skills put me at the moment. I'm guessing I'm still more of a junior dev as mid-level/level II positions require experience in specific libraries, frameworks, etc. that I simply don't know (aside from some React.js and Redux). I'm sure I could do well in front-end, but for years I've really been interested in computer graphics (2D and 3D) as well as mobile app development, both Android and iOS. My GitHub has numerous unfinished projects in HTML5 Canvas and WebGL, and I have the code for my senior project, a V8 JavaScript engine on Android, that needs some serious work before I'd consider publishing it on something like the Google Play Store. I don't have a Mac to learn iOS on, and I can't really afford one right now, so I'm not sure when/how to break into that market. I don't want to get stuck with too much experience in one domain (front-end or QA) and struggle to get into the domain I want years down the road.

To boot, I'm already starting to feel what I think is burnout. I've seen multiple posts about taking time off (months) from work, which I guess is technically my life now, though not really because every day is looking for a new job, which is a job in and of itself. Plus I have a family now, so I need to pay the bills. Filed for unemployment, but that's still being processed. Willing to relocate, even though I've been fully remote at both full-time jobs. My wife has been extremely patient and supportive and continues to help me find positions to apply for that are at least close to my qualifications, and I can't thank her enough for her tireless efforts.

Do I spend the majority of my time just looking for CS/SE jobs? Do I apply for entry-level in graphics or mobile apps in order to break into one of those domains? Do I sacrifice time looking for work in order to build a portfolio? The clock is ticking, so I need some kind of work soon, even if it's an unrelated temp thing while looking for an CS/SE job, especially because the software market is in a comparative slump since COVID ended, what with all the layoffs happening in the industry.

I'm afraid that even a CS/SE job might not be right for me. I absolutely love programming, especially C++ and JavaScript and Java (hence my username); learning to program in Java on my free time at a dead-end desk job is what got me here in the first place, but coding for fun and coding for work are very much not the same thing, I've discovered. Thing is, I also really love tutoring. I tutored calculus, differential equations and linear algebra in college, and I loved every minute of it. Should I take a significant pay cut and go get a teaching certificate instead? Or is teaching/mentoring others common in CS/SE? I loved pair programming at my first full-time job, and I really clicked with my team members and continue to regret leaving them for the startup (though it did help me strengthen my C++ experience which I'm very proud of).

This post is a bit all over the place, but so is my mind, so definitely looking for some feedback on what directions I might take or things I might not have considered.

Edit: specified my 1.5yoe at a startup in the second paragraph
For people who interviewed a lot companies, what are some common ReactJS interview questions you get? I googled a list of common ones on the internet, but they don't see to show up in interviews. So looking for your interview experiences. Doing interview prep right now, Thanks
Hi all! I've been looking for work these past few months and I've reached, it seems, very promising results. I have received an offer from a consulting company which is better than what I currently earn and it seems to have better and more interesting projects (although I currently work in consulting and it's not something I particularly enjory). The offer is fully remote and that's good because I wouldn't need to move back to my country (I'm currently travelling abroad for family reasons working remotely at my current place)  


I have also gone through all the filters for a Senior ML Engineer position at Nubank and it looks like I will be receiving an offer. I have read a bit about the company and they seem very tech oriented, with high technical standards (unlike consulting where you just need to deliver fast and worry about quality later) and really interesting problems. Glassdoor reviews mention that sometimes hours and projects can be a little demanding, but the pay is really good (with the potential for stock options). This is a hybrid position that requires me to go back to my country at least one week every three months.   


Finally, I'm also interviewing for Google as an AI engineer for their Google Cloud consulting team. It's essentially consulting, not something I'm particularly thrilled about, but it is Google and I think having Google on my CV would be a huge plus later. Also I would think the compensation is not that bad. The job is hybrid requiring me to be on-site at least 3 days a week.   


What would you choose if this were you? I'm also expecting to have all offers except Google's (if it happens at all) by this week, would you risk turning them down to see if you pass Google's interviews? 
I'm a recent grad who just started software dev work for 1-2 months.

There is this one colleague who is around 1 year more senior than me who came back, excelled at many things, and simply made me feel very outclassed by him.

He managed to merge a frontend and backend into one piece of service for simplicity and much improved readability in a matter of 1-2 days when it would've probably taken me at least a week to figure out what's going on. 

He has sharp insights on design pattern, software architecture. He constantly makes good suggestions to simplify complex designs.

As a new grad in CS (and I've been doing a lot of theoretical CS courses), I have not much idea about deployment of code, especially when it comes to company-specific procedures. I felt completely unsure what to do like setting up configs for the app to use with company-specific tools. I'm also not sure how the whole company CI/CD procedures work. I had to ask many questions but at times he made me feel I'm being too dumb by asking those questions when it involves a lot of company-specific knowledge. And it feels like bothering him a lot. I also had no idea what things like istio are and how to interpret the logs to know what firewall request to send for my application to work.

I feel like I only know to write code from a logcial level, things that work locally, from my education at uni and I'm trained to be very adept at algorithms and combinatorics. When it comes to connecting to other things, hosting online, deployment, etc. I am completely clueless. 

I also don't know much about microservices. I know the concept briefly from a course at uni but I have no idea the actual detail and complexity when using and deploying them.

These make me a bit frustrated because I want to acquire the necessary knowledge quickly to become good at my work, but some practices are very specific to the company that I need insiders to teach yet it feels I'm bothering him or some others. For the non-company-specific knowledge I'd try to google and read on my own. 

Sometimes I feel he would make some implicit assumptions and simply say things without rigorous proof, thinking certain things are like that for granted, while when I make a decision I feel I have to throw everything to justify it otherwise it seems like completely pointless to him. 

Still there is surely a lot to learn from the guy, he also teaches me to think carefully about why we make certain decision which is a very good mindset. Just he can seem a bit impatient to teach at times and I also don't want to trouble him too much although I already try my best to research on some things and only ask when I'm really stuck at some bottleneck that google or generative AI cannot answer. 


How should I handle this situation at the company? Am I just not good enough or too dumb to be a software engineer? 

Appreciate any advice.
Two months ago, I started applying to jobs and the only two companies that reached back to me were Google and Meta, I got auto rejected from everywhere else. I was super excited and started studying asap, multiple hours a day and basically made it my entire life. 

Now that I have my phone screens tomorrow I feel super weird.

If I fail, I’ll have done all this for nothing.. I mean sure the leetcode will stick but it still feels like a waste since I gave up my social life, my exercise habits and other things that brought balance to my life.

Looking back on it I wish I had stayed more consistent throughout the year with leetcode and system design instead of cramming. Ah well, lesson learned. Anyway, rant over.
I have an upcoming hour long take home assessment via CoderPad for an internship. 

I want to use all resources at my disposal. Google, S/O…CoderPad seems to encourage it. But I want to make sure to not accidentally trip any cheating alerts. 

Any experience with that platform or similar?
Hey everyone, 

I am looking to get into Technology/Tech but I am running into an issue where I don't actually know what kind of degree I want to get into.

I keep seeing ads for the Google Certificate for Data Analytics and other degrees like that but I wonder how well they are seen in the market?

I see a lot of ads for Bootcamps also but I recall seeing a few comments saying that bootcamps were a bad idea.

Are there some well know schools that are not a total rip off (if possible from Canada or remote students)
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Does anyone have any suggestions on the best way to search for jobs? I've been applying to different job postings for cybersecurity analyst, cybersecurity associate, cybersecurity apprenticeship...etc but each of those job titles will yield different search results and its extremely time consuming to go type in each of those job titles into Indeed, Zip Recruiter, Dice, Google and Monster to apply to jobs.  
Is there a better way? Maybe there's a software to automate this?  
Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you in advance!
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
        
THE BUILDS I LOVE, THE SCRIPTS I DROP, TO BE PART OF, THE APP, CAN'T STOP
        
THIS IS THE RANT THREAD. IT IS FOR RANTS.

CAPS LOCK ON, DOWNVOTES OFF, FEEL FREE TO BREAK RULE 2 IF SOMEONE LIKES SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T BUT IF YOU POST SOME RACIST/HOMOPHOBIC/SEXIST BULLSHIT IT'LL BE GONE FASTER THAN A NEW MESSAGING APP AT GOOGLE.

(RANTING BEGINS AT MIDNIGHT EVERY FRIDAY, BEST COAST TIME. PREVIOUS FRIDAY RANT THREADS CAN BE FOUND [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Friday+Rant+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).)
My inspiration to become a programmer came after watching The Social Network in 2011(I was 12-13 years old at the time). I wanted to be that someone who could build a revolutionary product, I wanted to be GREAT at something. I was a bright student, topped my high school in the nationwide matriculation exam with C++ programming as my optional subject. Things started to get weird after I enrolled myself into a top-10(nationally ranked) college.

In my sophomore year of college, I made a very minor Open Source Contribution to a network simulator to win the graces of one senior student who was actively involved in OSS. I stayed up all night for 3 consecutive nights to get it done. The senior was impressed and even introduced me to a CS faculty member who was (still is) the Google Summer of Code coordinator and mentor at my campus. When he proposed another project, I enthusiastically accepted it, but within 2 weeks of trying to read an RFC....i gave up and ghosted the professor completely.

I cycled through many interests that year from image processing, to computer architecture and finally settled with computer networks. My rationale was that it was the least "mathy" sub-discipline of CS. I had math anxiety as a child and most nights before examinations were spent crying. Apart from fulfilling my course requirements, I never tried to build anything serious on my own. I also stayed away from the AI hype-train as "everyone else was doing it".

Come junior year, it was time to look for internships. I despised doing stuff like HackerRank/LeetCode and paid the price. I was searching for an out, some way to game the system without really needing to "code" at the level that is expected from software developers. So I found work at a research lab that was focused on computer architecture. The folks at the lab were great and with their guidance, I was able to publish 2 conference papers and 1 journal article. The skills I acquired at this lab enabled me to publish 3 additional conference papers as part of my coursework projects. In the meantime, I landed an internship at a networks company which also got converted to a full time offer. Things were going great, I felt that research was something I was good at. But, things happened....

In my final semester, I applied for two research fellowships, one at a large tech company and another at a well known academic institute. During the interview for the large company, I was asked to critique a paper on Reinforcement learning for Video Streaming. I spent a week doing this and earned a phone interview. This phone interview was a significant turning point in my life, because I completely botched it. While I claimed to be interested in networks and had taken advanced courses on it, I couldn't answer basic questions like "what happens during DNS?". To me, it became very clear that I really didn't care enough about the subject or have that innate curiosity to understand concepts for their own sake, everything was simply a means to an end. Just because I had research experience and publications, I felt that I was entitled to fellowship position. This general line of reasoning has been the cause of my downfall throughout my life. Regarding the other fellowship at the academic institute, the professor was willing to pay a stipend (way lesser than what I would get at the network company) on the condition that I would pass a HackerRank coding challenge; I declined. I also started getting fed up with research work at my computer architecture lab and couldn't wait to just graduate and leave.

While this ordeal was deeply upsetting, I still had a full time offer from the network company. I thought that I would get some R&D opportunities and could try to be a co-inventor of some patents. These dreams were dashed within a few weeks of my joining as I realized that I was in the software development team of one of the biggest money-making business units of the company. Everything about this job was terrifying, from the imposter syndrome to the fear of breaking builds with bad commits. The people however, were awesome and kind and helped me become a contributing member of the organization. That being said, my interest in computer networks died down in a couple of months. I couldn't get myself to read any of the technical documents and while I was content with the fact that I was getting a monthly salary, the idea of having to work there for the rest of my life was torturous. Then COVID came...

No point hiding things here, I fell into a depressive spiral. Being isolated at home and forced to work on something I was absolutely not interested in anymore is possibly the closest thing to experiencing what hell is like. My parents were trying to instill the idea of going for a Masters degree, but this only made things worse. I doubted my research skills after the fellowship debacle, experienced panic attacks whenever my manager asked me to do anything and just didn't feel like writing code at all. I was a mess, and resorted to writing poetry (something I've been doing for 17 years) for comfort. I wanted to be GREAT at something, but for the life of me, I could not stick to ANYTHING. The idea that learning never stops and that one can never truly be an expert at anything was a dreadful feeling. The only "end" that existed was the end to life.

Thankfully, after 6 months of self-inflicted agony, I realized that reading books provided an illusion of finite-ness. You read a couple hundred pages and become knowledgeable on a certain subject. This was a big step in my journey as it helped me break down long term goals into shorter, achievable missions. Another important revelation was my discovery of the field of psychology through a couple of YouTube lecture series. I read a lot about neuroscience, behavioral biology and social psychology in order to understand "why" I went through the things I experienced. It slowly dawned on me that maybe I could combine my interest in psychology with my training in computer science and build AI tools that could help improve the lives of people suffering from mental illnesses. While helping others would be a happy by-product, it would primarily be SOMETHING to keep my mind occupied and help me learn more about myself. I applied to a couple of Masters programs and got into one...

My mission statement was strong enough to convince a couple of faculty members to take me on as a research assistant in their labs that explored the use of AI/ML and data analytics on data collected passively from mental health patients. However, I found myself in a very unique position of isolation, working at an intersection of fields which very few people know about. Without any mentorship, I found it very challenging to motivate myself to look for solutions and experiment with new ideas. If you've read everything so far, you can predict what happened next. I got bored...

While this research stint is still going on and i did make one significant technical contribution, it has made me realize that I do not have what it takes to commit to a PhD program. If there's only one thing I enjoy doing in research, it's combing through large amounts of literature and preparing manuscripts, which can only be considered as side activities. Currently, I'm looking for jobs in the industry that are in the healthcare space but I can't help but think about all the things I have done that led me here. After 3 years of work experience - I don't like to code, I can't think of novel ideas and I haven't built anything impressive because I just lack the curiosity to explore things in depth without external motivation. The tough job market only adds to these woes; even biting the bullet and working on LeetCode for 3 months hasn't yielded much.

Am I resigned to a life of understimulation and constant switching of interests? Will I ever be truly interested in something to become good at it? Heck, I've even started exploring the possibility of pursuing an MBA! I think I might have some high-functioning variant of ADHD, but I can't afford a professional diagnosis as an international student. I know that I am intelligent,creative and hardworking and can provide value to any organization. All of my past employers have given me glowing letters of recommendation, but I feel that those were not due to my technical ability, but due to my people-friendly nature and willingness to do grunt work(extensive research and writing reports) that no one else was willing to do.

The other day I was attending an Algorithms lecture in university and started thinking to myself : "You have such a wonderful, capable mind...so why doesn't any of this make sense to you? Why are you wasting time on something that doesn't interest you anymore? What if this CS thing isn't really for me?"

\--------

First of all, if you read the whole post to the end, I would like to thank you for your time. While it takes some guts to be vulnerable online, it also requires a lot of compassion and empathy to listen to someone pouring their heart out on the internet, so thank you fellow redditor.

Next, this post might be misinterpreted ("you've done so much, what are you crying about?"), but do know that for me these feel like empty accomplishments which anyone over here is capable of achieving and do not help in making me feel like I'm close to becoming GREAT at something.

Finally, if you are a person who has many years of experience in the industry and has experienced a similar rollercoaster of a journey, I would be grateful if you could share some career advice. Motivational comments are always sweet, but actionable comments are GREAT! While family and friends might say things that I want (or don't want) to hear, perhaps a kind internet stranger might say something that i NEED to hear.
I got an interview at Google Intern without a referral. I worry that people whom got the interview and also have a referral will have an upper edge.

Is this true? Does having a referral matter beyond the screening stage? 

I imagine if both candidates score the same and have everything similar. I would personally pick the one with a referral as a breakeven factor.
Please use this thread to ask for resume advice and critiques. You should read our [Resume FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/wiki/faq_resumes) and implement any changes from that before you ask for more advice.
        
Abide by the rules, don't be a jerk.
        
**Note on anonomyizing your resume:** If you'd like your resume to remain anonymous, make sure you blank out or change all personally identifying information. Also be careful of using your own Google Docs account or DropBox account which can lead back to your personally identifying information. To make absolutely sure you're anonymous, we suggest posting on sites/accounts with no ties to you after thoroughly checking the contents of your resume.
        
This thread is posted each **Tuesday and Saturday at midnight PST**. Previous Resume Advice Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Resume+Advice+Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
In jan2023 I went down the road to become a web developer, I worked hard, really hard (more because I loved the act of programming than anything else). I learned the basics by myself until April. In May I entered an in-person 3 months bootcamp that promised work as a consultant with a fix salary for 1 year if you manage to graduate. From 1000 applicants, 30 people were accepted, 20 graduated (I was one of them). Sadly, after my first month working with a payed salary, they let go of 30% of the graduates due to budget cuts (me included). Now, after months sponsoring myself from my own savings, I find myself looking for a job in a new field and in an uncomfortable financial situation. I think my reason for writing this, and asking for advice, really is my insecurity with how prepared and likely I am to land a job. To sum up, based on my skill set, does it sound like I have the basics down? Or am I fooling myself thinking I can get a job? I have done a lot given the short time, but the job ads do not look encouraging and it feels that the requirements are a lot.

Aside html, css and JS I can work with React (and next), Svelte, Typescript, Unit tests (jest, mocha, react test, mock service worker), Express, Prisma (for SQL), mongoDB, state management (MobX), tailwind, Heroku, Vercel, Auth, Storybook, other smaller libraries used with react for forms, components etc. I have a few fullstack crud projects in my GitHub using stuff like openAI, google maps and google calendar api.

What should I focus on next while I search for a job? What can give me an edge? There’s so much to learn out there, and it’s hard to know what would bring value.
I work at Google as a SWE. Back in April I was about to be put on PIP. I was dealing with mental health issues so before the PIP was activated, I went on leave. I'm also trying to change teams, and if I am able to the PIP will be thrown out. I'm trying to move out of SWE altogether into a more people-focussed role like Customer Engineering. I'm applying to other teams, other companies, and doing training to up my chances. I can pretty much stay on leave indefinitely. If I go back to my team, the PIP will start.

I feel stuck. I don't have a specific question but if you have had a similar experience or know someone that has handled this I'd love to hear your story. Thank you.
I am a bumbling idiot during interviews and am terrible at thinking of answers on the spot. If they ask me a question I didn't prepare for and don't know the answer to / have a story for, it's pretty much over.

This is why in the past, I've prepared for interviews by literally memorizing my answers. I would search up 50+ possible questions they could ask me, then write a paragraph for each of them to memorize. I would memorize them almost word for word and the google doc often ran over a dozen pages. You might think this is extremely inefficient and stupid. I agree, but I did it because I'm terrified of interviews. And I came here to ask about how to actually prepare for this stuff.

The thing is, I have never once in my entire life been rejected from any interview. Since I memorized such perfect answers for almost every possible question I could be asked, I basically had a perfect interview, every single time. I must have seemed like an extremely competent and eloquent applicant to my interviewers. In reality, I'm a stuttering, bumbling mess who is not quick on my feet but just happened to memorize the perfect answers and am good at acting natural. It's kind of funny if you think about it. 

Now that I'm on the job search again, I'm applying to some vastly different job titles simultaneously. One for lab research and one in a hospital (patient contact). And it's just completely unrealistic to prepare, write, and memorize 2 different sets of questions even if some of them overlap. And I can't keep doing this for every position and program I want to apply to in my life.

How do you prepare for interviews?? I've been told to think up some stories that highlight my strengths and weaknesses and to use the STAR method. Sure, but I feel like I will either 1) ramble on and on if I don't have a script, forget details, jump around the chronology of events etc., or 2) have NO idea what to say and my mind will just go blank. And this is the worst situation, since I'll just have no answer and can't think of anything on the spot (again, I'm terrible at that)

Any advice at all is greatly appreciated
\[LONG POST\]

Hello. I received a text message and email from a company that I do not remember applying for, but they said that they got my information from an agency and the person or bot had no last name attached and didn't answer any emails. I click on their website and there isn't much on there and the button to see available jobs is not clickable. They do not have a LinkedIn account or an Instagram account and when I google it, the website is the only thing that pops up. I have been to two meetings and none of the hiring managers never gave a history of the company or explained what they do. Just a lot of numbers with no proof. Also promising to move me from Account Executive to Manager in 9 months. I was invited to do a third interview, but I am hesitant. Is this a scam? Thank you
I've been searching all around the internet and I need some input.

I got an email (from a gmail account) from a "Mercer International". The email tells me to join this skype chat interview to an HR Specialist of the company. I googled this company and it seems like it's legit and they're paying $30 an hour for data entry. 

I clicked into the skype and the HR person responded immediately. The interview required me to type out from answers and then they immediately accepted me. I was then told I need to buy a list of equipment from their vendors and that I would be provided a cheque for it.

I'm kind of new to this remote work thing... but my senses are tingling on this one. Scam?
Does this company sound like a scam to you?

Hi everyone! I just had an interview with a company and had some red flags / alarms go off in my head. I wanted to outside opinions just in case I’m misreading the situation.

So first off, this company reached out to me. I did not apply for this so I thought that was odd. They also did not mention what this position was even for so I asked and they told me it was for their Account Manager Position. I’d like to mention I have zero experience in sales. I’ve been in customer service since I started working at 16. So I’m a little confused as to why they’d reach out to me of all people because of these things. But, I decide to proceed with accepting an interview. 

When researching this company, I find it is a local company working in the telecommunications field. Looking at their social medias, I can tell every employee is very young (my age). I’m talking 20’s and MAYBE some early 30’s, including the owner. The posts consist of a bunch of fancy vacation trips and events. But I figured that could be normal right?

Fast forward to the interview. It’s a zoom meeting consisting of multiple candidates. I was not made aware it would be a group interview like this but no big deal. He starts talking about the position and while I was under the impression it was for the Account Manager position only, turns out they are planning to train us to be on the same level as the owner within 12 months. Which was not clarified to me. He stated there are five phases and the end goal is to be “owner” which honestly did not make sense to me. He stated this company manages account with several very large companies (Google, AT&T and the like) so I’m assuming he meant the “owner” of the account for each company but he didn’t clarify. This was just a “preliminary” interview and that we would hear back if they decide to proceed to the next step with us. He also mention how many applicants they have and how aggressive the process will be. If it was so aggressive and you had so many applicants why are you reaching out to people with zero sales experience? 

Am I reading into this too much or should I steer clear of this company? I’ve just never heard of a company having employees train to “owner” in 12 months instead of having set positions for all with room to grow if needed or wanted. Any advice would be much appreciated!
1. ) You MUST be well off, independent of real estate, well connected, and a VERY popular person, and specifically popular with other well off people.

1a.) OR you must be ready to become an absurdly annoying cold calling, door knocking solicitor with a great deal of money, again independent of real estate, to spend on advertising.

The first thing most brokerages tell a new realtor is to contact all of their friends and family and ask if they need your services. Well, I have one friend, and only four family members that live in my state. Guess how many of them needed to sell or buy a home? Zero. 

Other realtors did better who started along with me. Guess which ones? The ones with huge networks of friends and massive local families. There were a few exceptions as in 1a above, which were people who spent months door knocking and paying a lot of money on advertising. So, if you have a huge number of people, like hundreds, or thousands, on your immediate contact list who know you and many who already want your services, OR you have a great deal of money to throw into advertising, you might do well. If you have neither of these things, you are entering a con/racket/scam designed to drain your savings.

2.) Your brokerage is not going to help you in any way unless you pay through the nose. 

They will collect monthly fees for minimal services, and you will also have to pay monthly fees for keybox services, quarterly for mls, and for being a realtor. It adds up to thousands of dollars per year. Being a realtor (as opposed to just a real estate agent) also does not help you in any substantial way, except that many brokerages require membership.

 Now, if you've got lots of money, you can pay your brokerage to give you leads. If you don't, then they will just sit back and collect your fees until you run out of money. Many offer classes and such, but they are largely pointless, as they don't directly generate any income. They are frequently motivational talks, ideological nonsense, or nuts and bolts things that do not actually give you any real way to make money. You can ostensibly get on a team which will get you leads and help you make money, but the teams are only for people with an in of some kind, or who are already successful. If you're just some random new realtor, you're not going to be welcomed onto any team that's going to make you money.

It's a lot like many quasi scam industries or even a pyramid scheme, unless you satisfy requirement number one, above. In other words, unless you're relatively well off financially,  and very well connected, real estate sales is just a money draining con job. 

3.) Unless you meet requirement 1 above, you will run out of money, which they surely understand. It happens to realtors constantly. 80% of realtors burn out in the first year. So, in order to make sure they kick you while you're down, you have to pay a fee to the real estate commission to INACTIVATE your license. You heard me right. You are now broke, and cannot afford the realtor association, your brokerage, and other fees any longer, so you ask them to cancel everything. This costs MORE MONEY. If you don't have it, then they will tell you that they will keep charging you, and send you to collections, ruining your credit. Even though you tell them to CANCEL everything, that you cannot afford it, and that you no longer want it, they will KEEP CHARGING YOU AND RUIN YOUR CREDIT. These are billed subscription services, not long term agreements. These services are things you pay to use, so they have zero reason to not simply acknowledge your desire to stop using them, and stop billing you, except that they simply can do so. Sound like a scam or pyramid scheme even more, now? Yeah, I wish I'd known these things.

So, there you have it. tl;dr realty is very similar to a scam or pyramid scheme where you can make a LOT of money if, and only if you already have money and a huge network of friends and family with money who want to use your services, or a huge amount of money and time to put into advertising and building from the ground up. 

Many successful realtors will refute everything I've said. Surely I'm just stupid, I was just bad at being a realtor, and what I'm describing isn't true about most brokerages, or maybe any of them, maybe I'm even making the whole thing up, and certainly isn't true about the NAR! The NAR is glorious and collects fees to help realtors, not to drain their income!

But, keep in mind, many successful people in scam industries, MLM and pyramid scheme participants do the exact same thing when people post about the nefarious nature of those enterprises. For every critic of pyramid schemes, there are countless very vocal defenders of them. While realty isn't quite a scam, nor is it a pyramid scheme, it shares more features with them than it doesn't. 

Another thing scam industries and MLM/pyramid schemes have in common with realty is that the overwhelming, vast majority of people who enter them burn out and run out of money. This is an objective fact that, even if you are convinced by the defenders in the comments sure to be below, and so you blow off everything I'm saying, you cannot ignore. 

I'll say it again: **80% of new realtors burn out in the first year because it is a money drain, and not rewarding enough to balance out the drain. Google it.** 

You're thinking: "That won't be me!" Well, do you meet the requirements in point 1 above? If not, then yes, yes it will be you.
Hey! I could really use some help right now. I woke up to an email from an "Apple" recruiter regarding an engineering internship position I applied for in August. I am immediately a little bit skeptical when I hear back from large companies like Google, Tesla, Rivian, etc. I'm not usually this skeptical, though.

The sender's address is "\*\_\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*@apple.com." I think the underscore throws me off, as I've never really seen that with corporate email addresses. I have heard that it's fairly easy to spoof email domains, so I didn't immediately assume I was safe when I saw the Apple domain. I also couldn't find this person on LinkedIn, which is a huge red flag. 

The email is well-written but has one mistake. When asking for my availability they asked for dates in November rather than now (December). I've actually seen this mistake far too often with large companies that I've interviewed at, so I don't know how to feel about it. Initial outreach is usually via a  generic email, though, so I don't know how recruiters could make a mistake like that. 

Other than that, there are no suspicious links or requests for sensitive information. Has anyone received any communication from Apple that could help me indicate whether or not this is just an elaborate scam?

Happy to share more information if anyone thinks they can help. Thank you so much! 
[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd5LOZoLM-DOI11iMyZb81Dnky-8DGXfbbN3IqQScD-QNEmsw/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd5LOZoLM-DOI11iMyZb81Dnky-8DGXfbbN3IqQScD-QNEmsw/viewform?usp=sf_link)

the survey intends to find out the relation between your dream job and its relation to your current job
These days, recruiting sets up your interviews. And you rarely get access to the contact info of the people you interviewed with. 

It’s usually the interview coordinator and the recruiter who you have the contact info for. Everything else is a Zoom / Google Hangout link. 

The rules here are somewhat opaque. What is your position on with whom and how to follow up after interviews in this world?

My thought is to send a thank you and express interest to the recruiter. Something like “I want to thank you and the team again for your time. I really enjoyed the conversation and felt they went well. Please let me know if any next steps!” Anything else? Agree / disagree?
Called their main  office since the job posting doesnt share it, their website doesnt have it & googling for their local office gave nothing. They have a hybrid work situation so wanted to make sure I'm willing to take on the commute. Went to the operator and explained briefly about the local job but no local identifiable address. This fella really did tell me to just apply "because I'm not putting myself out by spending the time to apply," "it's a moot point if we don't call you back," "thats when you can decide, when we show interest in you," and "couldn't" share the address. 

I guess I suppose they might be working on some secret acquisition or with a client they can't share about. But what a weird way to tell their candidates they don't respect their time.  About 3/4 of the way through this operator just being weird I decided I'll just help them out by having 1 less qualified applicant to look over. But seriously, as if the application market wasn't already weird af enough. 

https://i.imgur.com/VtOvBAk.jpeg
So I (28F) was born in New York but have lived in the UK pretty much all my life. I'm keen to work in America for a while as I think it'd be a wise career move. Those in the media industry are generally higher paid in the US and some of the biggest media companies are also based out of the US. 

I've applied for some jobs but haven't had much luck yet. There's still plenty I want to apply for though. I was just thinking I should probably switch up my approach and wondered if anyone had any advice for applying for a job in the US from outside the country (NY and Cali specifically).

I already put that I am a US passport holder on my CV and so wouldn't need to be sponsored. 

I'm now thinking of getting a temporary google number that will mean I can also have an American number on my CV instead of a UK one. 

Would it be bad to lie and say I'm living in New York? Should I be reaching out to talent acquisition people directly on LinkedIn to flag my applications? Any other advice, or just keep holding out? 

Thanks in advance for any help!
Okay so I'm new here but have a question I'm sure many people have asked. There is a mental health facility that I thought I would like to work with. This is an entry level job because I haven't been able to work in the mental health field since I got out of college over a year ago. I'll just say that I have a ton of experience personally. (I also made it in psychology and plan on getting my masters and doctorate.) So I sent off my resume via email as instructed on the company's website. They are a non-profit so this isn't really unusual. I also left a voice message saying I was interested and immediately got called for an interview.

They did not disclose the hourly pay in the job description. I personally hate that and think it should be illegal. I looked online and from the little information I can see, it looks like they're hourly pay is going to be way too low for me especially considering the commute. Anyway, I googled to see if it was appropriate to ask before the interview and I got a, yes, you have every right to just be polite about it. So I responded to the interview email and was told that pay is discussed in the first interview and depends on experience. 

Seeing most of the salaries in this place being so low and considering it's a nonprofit and considering that I am extremely behind financially and the commute's going to suck, is it even going to be worth going to the interview at this point?

Thanks.
Hi, I’m going to be graduating pretty soon with a bachelors degree, and I was wondering if in your experience, you were required to include your GPA on job applications when you were job searching after college. Google is giving me conflicting answers so I thought I should ask people about what they experienced in terms of GPA on job applications. Thank you!
Why the hell would they be asking about experience with a dead social media? I had completely forgotten about Google+ until now.
I am currently employed, but got a recruiter contact me about a position that sounded like a good fit for me. He said the salary for the position was up to 70k, which is lower than my expectation, but he sent my resume and said he would check with the company about going over that number. In the meantime, i googled the job description and found several recruiters have posted the same position and listed the salary range as 70k-100k. The recruiter got back to me and said that after checking, the company said 70k is the highest they’re willing to go and now I’m thinking the recruiter is lowballing me, but can’t do anything since they already sent my resume. I do want to interview, but dont love the salary. Did i screw myself letting the recruiter send my email in? Could i still negotiate if offered the job?
So I just turned 18 and wanted to start a marketing agency for businesses selling a service or a product. 

Here are my services:

1. Generation of traffic to their  Business. 
2. Generation of sales/leads to their business. 
3. Writing copy for advertisement. 
4. Audience targeting.


I will market such business on:

1. Pinterest. 
2. Instagram. 
3. Google. 
4. YouTube. 
5. Facebook.


I did outreaching through insta dms,emails and Facebook dms. All of the businesses I reached out to resulted in either not replying to me or straight up rejecting my offer. 

I’ve created my agency’s business website though wix. 
I’ve created business accounts on Facebook,instagram and LinkedIn 

And even tried upwork. But non of them helped.

I genuinely need advice.
I’ve applied to work at this store at a mall through Indeed and was sent a few questions before they could proceed with an interview. They asked what my salary expectations were despite it being a minimum wage job. I’ve googled on how much the average associate makes but this store is more of a smaller known business and there’s only a few stores located in the US. Google says the average associate makes around 16 dollars an hour and was wondering if I should just say that. How should I respond to this question when it’s for a typical retail job?
Ok so not sure what to call it but a few staff members and myself are meeting with a candidate today who will likely be my new boss. What type of questions should I ask? 

Google is giving me questions to ask if I’m interviewing for the job to ask a potential boss.
Hello! I am more than happy to remove this if necessary. I am currently in the textile industry, that said I have been very interested in jumping industries. Working with apparel we focus a lot on creating the consumer/user experience. I am wondering what are the typical qualifications one needs in order to get role such as this. I am a Google UX certification course. I am open to learning/expanding my knowledge. I am not sure if there is something that is a step down from the designer role and I can work my way up to it. I am not sure how I can translate my current experience best into a new resume. Any feedback/thoughts are welcomed!
Tldr: I was at a consulting job where I did not build any specific expertise. I did “general projects” mostly on my own using personal instincts and google (data analysis, project management, process improvement). Now, I am not qualified for any jobs where I can take a step up. Where can I go from here? 

Hello, I have been working at a small consulting firm that works mostly with medicare services providers in the midwest. Generally, the firm “rents out” their consultant to their clients for a few months to help with projects. There is no structure in terms of how we should approach out clients, projects, problem solving or anything. Right from the beginning I was paired with clients and helped generally without any support. I thought it was great because I could learn from experience and had a lot of liberty and ownership. 

However, the projects were all over the place, no specialization. At times, it was data analysis, other times it was process improvement, and other times project management. Since I did not have any support, I generally googled around for how to lead solutions. I would google things like how to project manage, how to make process maps, how to analyze large sets of data. 

I am not seeing much growth at this firm and want to look for other opportunities. But as I am looking, a realization has hit me that I cannot point to any specific skills to get a job that would be a step up. Most jobs require specific skills. I don’t know structured problem solving as many consultants do, I don’t have PMP certifications, I don’t know SQL/Python knowledge for data analytics. 

So I can’t go to better consulting firms or get a permanent position at a company, without probably needing to take a step down from where I am in my career. 

Would anyone here have any recommendations for where I can go from here? 

Aside from this job, I previously used to work for a small restaurant chain in California as an assistant bookkeper. Alongside, I got an MBA from a local school and then moved to the midwest and got this job.
Does anyone know of a website that analyses public job adverts and shows trends of what skills are asked for and what salaries are offered for different common job titles, preferably filtered by country?

It feels like something that should exist, I just can't Google it well because it just comes up with job search sites like Indeed etc.
I need to create a resume and mine is pretty old, last job I had was for 12 years and now unemployed. Is there any legit resume building sites you recommend. I came across one I loved very easy to create the resumes and before I finished my friend say that site is a scam and sure enough I googled and horrible reviews. Thanks I’m advance !
I saw that techies are great at technical rounds, but the HR round messes them over. I've worked with people from Amazon, Google, Goldman Sachs, etc. so I know what it takes to get in. I've given speeches at national conferences and held the engagement of the audience for more than an hour.

I will do a mock interview with you, and tell you how you can improve your words. It's simple, just at times you need someone else who knows what they are doing and can tell you exactly what's wrong.

Price? For the first 3, quote me your price. After that, it's $75. (it might feel a bit pricy to some, yes, and you don't have to pay a single penny until you feel it improved you)
Hi. I am thinking about applying to three summer internship positions at Google because I am able to do all three. If I need a referral for all of them, can I ask one person to do all three? How do referrals usually work in this case? First timer, so not too sure. :) College junior here. 
This is my first Reddit post so I have no idea how this is gonna go. I work for a company that provides a fun casual activity similar to mini putt or a vr arcade. The company I work for has locations throughout Canada and the U.S. I just happen to work for one of the locations in Ontario.

This is the third month now that I have had to reach out to my boss because I only get scheduled for shifts once or twice a month. My boss keeps telling me I’m a good employee during our occasional reviews but whenever I ask him to schedule me, he gives me excuse after excuse.

I absolutely love the job because I don’t have to do much but when I do stuff, it’s really rewarding work.

I’m also not a new employee. I’ve been working at the company for over a year.

I first started working at a different location with a different boss. When I first transferred to this location about 8 months ago, I had a rough start with my new boss but I have since then been a model employee with a number of positive google reviews directly using my name.

I feel like he is trying to get me to quit and is constructively dismissing me.

My contract says that I am a casual worker and there are no guarantees of shifts but when I look at the schedule, people with less seniority than me have more shifts than me. Even though they have availability that I don’t. I’m only available on weekends because of school yet they get those shifts and the weekday shifts even though I’m only available on the weekend.

The last time I asked my boss about shifts, he said there are other employees that rely on the income more than me but I don’t know how to respond to that. It’s not his business to pick and choose who needs an income more.

I’m kind of lost on what to do!
For God's sake, let me sign up with Google so I can waste my time faster.
I'm helping someone with their resume. They've worked in janitorial/housekeeping positions at hospice centers, schools, universities, etc., and are applying for similar jobs. 

Are there skills or certifications that I should list on their resume/ask them about that are helpful in the hiring process? Right now, they're just more general skills like "commercial cleaning" and "facilities management," but those feel a bit too general. Google hasn't been helpful, and I'm not familiar with the field enough to know the sorts of questions I should be asking them. 

Thanks in advance.
I use to work for a consulting firm Accenture as an L11 Application Analyst. Was there for about a year and 4 months.

I left because i received an offer from a bank as a cyber security analyst. Been here for 6 months now. 

While I am enjoying what i am doing, i figured I ask what would be the safe bet on when to apply to internal postings at the my company? I was thinking once i hit one year it would make sense but i figured I ask. 

Also, i plan on staying with the bank at im at for a while.. couple years maximum 3… goal is to land a role at one of the bigger tech companies like Google, Airbnb, Dropbox etc.

Keep in mind i do have my bachelors degree and masters degree in information technology. 

Any advice helps :)
I have been applying for jobs left and right and got this email with a job offer that seems way too good to be true. They are asking me to submit an application that's asking for my personal information. I really think it's too good to be true, but would still like a second opinion just incase it's real because I really need a job.

This is the document that was email to me. 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NcshvEcidsQOktSaHsIn_l4pD65RAhY2c-Bgj_E-HO0/edit
so I work construction and I'm looking for a career change.  I keep seeing people doing these google IT certificates and making a good living. any chance anyone has done this and can point me in the right direction.  I have some c++ experience from a college class I took. thank you all
I have high functioning autism and have been winging it in the marketing industry. Reached an Associate Director level role, but my limited communication skills have likely created a barrier in that field. I'm good at the actual technical side such as setting up large scale digital marketing campaigns, crafting high ROI social media  media campaigns/strategies, know how to utilize the full Adobe Suite, nearly a master at marketing analytics engaged in top of Google search campaigns, etc. Built social accounts to 300K followers and high engagement within a year, etc.  But my lack of communication skills have likely kept me behind my peers and thus dramatically hindered my career success.

After being laid off in April, I couldn't find a new job. I know about STARS interview style, it's just that I genuinely don't have the social capability to pull it off, and that has likely been the reason why I failed job interviews.

It's probably best that I leave the marketing field, what field is good for someone with autism and requires the fewest social interaction? Outside of marketing, I currently have skills in data analytics, website programming, light software programming, and few other things.

&#x200B;

Edit: Why the downvotes?
I'm sorry if this has been asked, I don't feel like googling to see if I can find old posts. 

Applied for a terrible job paying exploitative wages, took it out of fear and desperation and because it was remote. If it weren't for the pay and that fear I will be fired anyway, I could do this. I'm actually getting trained, at least. There's a ladder to progression where I can be a grossly underpaid ( ) "analyst" on the other side in a sales context.

I go back to the job description on linkedin (since closed), and see the number of applicants is....15. (I wanted to grab the job description to start adding to my resume.)

When I applied, it was "over 100 applicants". 

It would make sense. I'm noticing this on linkedin for jobs I want - 2 wk old jobs, "over 100 applicants" - "see how you compare to 52 applicants". 

Can someone explain this to me? Obviously it's a part of someone's decisionmaking process on whether to even bothering applying or not. 

I also ask because it only 15 people applied to the job I'm doing, in a way it makes me feel horrible.
I was fired from my customer service job about a month ago due to performance issues. I was there for over 2 years and in my time there, they turned it into a full on call center. I got incredibly burned out from talking to customers on the phone for 7+ hours a day and just stopped doing well to be honest. I was miserable. 

The few projects I had there, I really enjoyed. I wrote an article, I built a Notion page, I built out a map using data and Google mymaps, and researched / pitched an initiative for continuing education to the head of HR (who loved it but did not end up pursuing it while I was there). All of these are the types of projects I’d like to pursue in a new role. 

I have about 4 months of savings to get me by and I’d like to use this time to really apply for jobs that would be a good fit for me. They have a neutral reference policy where they only confirm dates and the role I had while there - do I still need to disclose that I was terminated?

Some info on my background:
- have a BA in journalism 
- did internships in college for the university
- travelled for 2 years after college and worked random jobs 
- had a travel blog while I did that
- I do best when I’m able to be creative and collaborative in my work. Monotonous, repetitive work like call centers is not something I want to do ever again. I enjoy talking to people but not all day, every day. I enjoy heads-down focus work. 

I’d love to get back into journalism but at also interested in copywriting, internal / corporate communications, knowledge management, or data analytics. What are some tips on jobs that would be a good fit for me or how I might get there?
Dear Applicant,

 

The HR Department at MAGDOTNET has received and reviewed your resume, which was sent to the company via  ONLINE, as an application for one of the job positions  (Remote Data Entry Clerk | Remote Customer Service Representative | Remote Administrative Assistant), Both Part/Full time is available for immediate employment in our company, after reviewing your resume, we are pleased to inform you that you have been shortlisted for the next step of the recruitment process. So we invite you for an Online job interview for this position.

Your details have been forwarded to Mr. Sumit Pokhrel, HR Manager at the Spanish & English department of the Company, and he would like to conduct an online interview with you at your earliest convenient time to discuss your duties and pay scale, and any other prospects you may have with our company.

Be informed, that the proper Working hours Pay Rate is $30 per hour, however we will start you up with the Training Pay Rate is $18 per hour for 1 to 2 weeks of proprietary training, and this may depend on how fast you learn and how much time you choose to commit daily, since the company working hours are flexible.

Your interview would be conducted Online via Zoom App at any time of your choice and convenience, However you are required to contact the HR Manager as soon as possible as an official acknowledgement and acceptance of this employment offer and also to secure a mutually convenient appointment for your online interview. You can reach him directly via his handles listed below 

Mr. Sumit Pokhrel

Zoom Email ID: customeroffice32@gmail.com

Kindly download them from the Google Play Store if you are an Android user, or from the Apple App Store if you use an iPhone instead, in order to enable you to proceed effectively, with your recruitment process. Alternatively you may select the appropriate link below to download the desktop versions, if you are accessing the internet with a Windows or Mac PC, Download here listed below by clicking it.

Download Zoom Setup for Windows or  Mac

HOW TO APPLY FOR INTERVIEW IN ZOOM APP

Tap the “Contacts Tab” on your zoom app 

Select the “+ icon” in the top-right corner. 

Click on Invite a Zoom Contact

Enter the Zoom Email ID you want to add (E.g.: Our HR Manager’s Zoom Email ID: customeroffice32@gmail.com )

Click “Invite” to send the contact a request to add him 

Interview scheduled: Online via ZOOM APP
Time: 8AM to 12PM ( US-PST/US-GMT/US-UTC).
Date: 11/28/2023 
Schedule: Monday through Friday (20 – 40 hours per week)

Kindly send a message directly to us via Email:  customeroffice32@gmail.com  , If you are having any difficulties adding the Hiring Manager on Zoom.

Your verification code is (MAGTEAM-)

This would serve as your identification number throughout the on-line hiring process. Your timely response matters a-lot and we look forward to working with you as a team and I wish you Good luck on the interview.

 

Regards,
Mr. Mark Stewart
Chief Commercial Officer
Graduated last year applying for entry level roles but not getting any calls 
Please give honest feedback
Hey All,

We just launched our resume analyzer at jobhunnt.com and wanted to make it free for this week. Please make use of it and let us know your feedback.

You can upload your resume or import your LinkedIn Profile (or enter info manually). Optionally, you can provide the job details, which is strongly recommended, and then let our resume analyzer do its magic. It will score your resume and give actionable recommendations and keyword suggestions.

If you upload your resume, you can also see how ATS-friendly your resume is. 

Hope this is useful and will help you get more messages from recruiters ❤️

https://preview.redd.it/d8ojn4eycu2c1.png?width=1285&format=png&auto=webp&s=51d9409f3dc801301a9932094cd9414ede6eeb23
Title pretty much says it all. I really do not like begging people to do Reviews nor do I really want to bug a customer to do a review right in front of me, but no matter how happy they seem to leave they just won't leave a review. 

I don't think my job is in Jeopardy, but I'm sure I'll be turned down for a promotion down the line for this. 

Does anyone have any good tips and tricks? Or will I just have to really sit there and caress people into Reviews right in front of me
I recently applied for a job that is remote on Indeed and then searched the job on Google and it showed up on another site and the listing says remote but need to live in a certain area.  It has very few applicants on indeed so I was wondering if it is common to leave out that you have to live in a certain area for the "remote" job in order to get more applicants or if the company doesn't get enough applicants willing to live in the location so they get rid of that requirement and repost.  Just curious because I have applied to jobs in the past that said they were remote but then in the interview they brought up that it is hybrid. Thanks
Thinking about rejoining the work force. Looking specifically for a problem solving gig. (Not the stuff that comes up with a google search)

User experience/client experience positions are close, but not quite right. 

Example: My doc scheduled me for an EEG instead of an EGD (Different medical tests). I brought this up to a friend of mine who is a senior patient advocate.

When he told me this was a recurring issue, even anong good doctors who are paying attention, I thought about it for a second.

Correctly deduced the docs were selecting tests from a drop down menu arranged alphabetically. (Ivenever used any of the hospital's computers)

Recommended dividing the tests in the drop down menu by type instead. (An easily implemented solution).

I find bottlenecks in business systems. I can identify issues clients will complain about before a product is released. 

I have no idea what this job is called or if it even exists?
Hello everyone

I'm still relatively new to the whole work force thing (I'm 20 but struggled to get a job up until about 18) I recently moved into a city and have been mass applying for jobs, I received an offer from this company called "Capital Dynamics". The company itself seems to be legit but I have no idea whether or not the offer I'm receiving is real, for starters I don't exactly remember applying for it (mind you I've been putting out like 10 applications a day so I don't exactly remember all of them) nor do I have the experience that I assumed I would need for it but about 2 hours ago I got an email from their HR manager offering me a work from home position STARTING at $35 hourly, the position is for Junior Financial Assistant. I googled the company and the company itself is legit, the link provided isn't the same as the website URL but when I click on it, It does lead to the same website you find by just googling the company name. I've provided screenshots of the offer as well as the email it came with and was hoping some of you more initiated job hunters could help settle my anxiety over whether or not this is some sort of fraud offer or if its actually something I should consider, their company emails is different then the one this came from which was one of the main things that tipped me off that it may be fake

Thanks!

https://preview.redd.it/rwryt9zspj2c1.png?width=998&format=png&auto=webp&s=6ec7c35e60d2fcbb0364daa104c82c2df244c55a

https://preview.redd.it/vjiji8hupj2c1.png?width=760&format=png&auto=webp&s=6a6e4d9c767616aae5ca61549b9fcd07f910632d
This is more of a vent than anything, but I’ll take advice, especially industry-related advice. I have read a lot of posts in this Reddit and I know a lot of people are having a bad job search experience, and I also know I could be applying more, but… I’m tired of applying to places and never even getting a rejection. The jobs I want are full-time, regular, remote jobs. I do not care if I get holidays off, I do not care if I work weekends, I have mixed feelings about nights but I’m fine with evenings. I know it’s a saturated job market, especially for remote, but I’m sitting around wondering if I’m worth anything at this point.

I have a college degree from a very well-regarded university. My skills are kind of dime-a-dozen (phone etiquette, communication, technical writing and pretty much any kind of writing, Microsoft Office (including web apps and things like SharePoint), Google Web Apps (not something I usually list), data entry, and training (I’ve written forms and manuals for most of my jobs).

My work history is splotchy, but I usually list my most recent job, which is relevant to the jobs I apply to, then a section titled, “Multiple Jobs and Professional Development,” which spans 3 years with four different part-time jobs and a certificate I earned (the certificate is not usually relevant to my applications, so it is not listed under Education, but it helps fill in my resume gap after college so I include it as a bullet point under the “Multiple Jobs” entry), and then the job I had in college. Usually I include a volunteer position I had during college, because shows communication with internal and external entities and adds to my short work history. I don’t include the part time jobs I had just for a summer during college because they are not usually relevant and a waste of space.

I list skills that are relevant at the bottom, and include a description or example of what that skill means (data entry usually includes WPM rate).

For most of my applications I re-write my resume to match the job post, and to get through the ATS. I change out my skills, too, when one is more relevant than another.

There are very few jobs where I do not include a cover letter. I have a basic version that summarizes less relevant skills and experience and explains my purpose, and I edit it to include something relevant about the company and why I think it’s my next job. I started writing my cover letters from scratch, basically, too, because I think they are better when I do that. (I have good copy editing and proofreading skills.)

Last year I looked around for a job twice, and landed both jobs with what was honestly minimal effort. They were in the first ten jobs I applied to, or maybe even the first five. Both were part-time, and one I resigned from due to a mix of health issues and knowing I would not stay there long term.

Now, I’m looking for a full-time remote job that I can stay at long term. I have experience, I have a renowned education, and I don’t expect to be paid much. The last thing I applied to was $16/hour, less than I make now.

Sometimes I wonder if my degree makes me overqualified or undesirable, but removing my degree means removing what is probably my strongest asset/something that helps me standout, especially when other alums work where I am applying.

If I want to work in a call center, customer support, administrative, or similar role, what do I need to change? (Besides applying to more jobs— I spend one to three hours on applications so quality over quantity is my focus.)
 

**1) DeepCode AI**

[DeepCode AI](https://snyk.io/platform/deepcode-ai/) is an AI-powered code review tool that analyzes your codebase and identifies bugs, vulnerabilities, and performance issues.

* Pros: Supp is an open-source machine learning library developed by the Google Brain Team, known for its flexibility in conducting deep learning and neural network research.
* Cons: Limited to the quality of its training data and algorithms.

Ideal Use Cases: Perfect for data engineers who want to enhance code quality and security in their development process.

**2) GitHub Copilot**

[GitHub Copilot ](https://github.com/features/copilot)is an AI pair programmer that helps you write new code and understand and work with existing code faster.

* Pros: Generates code snippets and entire functions, supports a wide range of programming languages and frameworks.
* Cons: Sometimes the suggested code may not be accurate or optimal.

Ideal Use Cases: Ideal for data engineers seeking assistance in coding, especially when dealing with unfamiliar languages or frameworks.

**3)** **Tabnine**

[Tabnine](https://www.tabnine.com/) is an AI-powered code completion tool that predicts your next coding moves based on your current context and past code.

* Pros: Enhances coding speed, supports multiple programming languages, easy integration with various IDEs.
* Cons: Predictions may not always align with intended coding direction.

Ideal Use Cases: Best for data engineers looking to speed up coding with accurate code completions.

**4)** **Apache MXNet**

[Apache MXNet](https://mxnet.apache.org/versions/1.9.1/) is an open-source deep learning framework designed for both efficiency and flexibility, allowing you to mix symbolic and imperative programming.

* Pros: Supports multiple languages, scalable, and efficient in handling large-scale networks.
* Cons: Less popular than other frameworks, which can impact community support and resources.

Ideal Use Cases: Ideal for data engineers working on complex, large-scale deep learning projects, especially in a multi-language environment.

**5)** **TensorFlow**

[TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/) is an open-source machine learning library developed by Google Brain Team, known for its flexibility in conducting deep learning and neural network research.

* Pros: Robust, scalable, and comes with an extensive set of tools and community resources.
* Cons: Can be complex for beginners.

Ideal Use Cases: Best suited for data engineers and scientists focused on building and deploying large-scale machine learning models, particularly deep learning models.
When I Google jobs some I found when you click apply direct you to salary.com. Is it safe to apply via the salary.com website. When I go to the company website and look up the job it’s not listed. It made me think salary.com is posting old jobs? Is it a scam to apply via salary.com if the job is not listed on the company website?
Hi, I have a simple web browsing task for someone from the USA who has powerful internet and can use Google Chrome (desktop).

It's simply like searching a term (like 'business') on Chrome (desktop) and open few results.

Do it while you are having fun or working anytime.

It's simply like searching a term (like 'business') on Chrome (desktop) and opening a few results.

It's simply like searching a term (like 'business') on Chrome (desktop) and open a few results.s.having fun or working anytime.

I worked in sales support and did some reporting in salesforce and excel but have never worked as an "analyst". Or with them. 

"Sales analyst", marketing analyst, revenue operations, operations associate, operations analyst - they all require some level of reporting in something like SQL or python, automation processes, etc.

To repeat myself - I've intermediate in excel, have used Power BI for reporting, built salesforce reports/dashboards, but nothing coherent at the level of (ex) "sales analyst". Or financial analyst. 

My resume is a lot of contract work because it was all I could get; it was in tech of finance, and most recently, supporting sales teams in arch/engineering, but it's not great. 

I'm at a loss what to do do, I don't even get to the first round of interviews for analyst jobs. One horrible "coordinator" interview (data analyst) wanted a VBA expert for a hybrid-in-office, 50k/year job. Real bullshit.

I'd like to get a Salesforce certification but even getting my foot in the door to be an analyst of any kind feels impossible. 

Has anyone who worked in sales or office administration figured this out? 


There's so much where I'm just at the periphery of an experience and I can do something like get a Tableau certification (maybe a bad idea?) from google analytics but whether it's a/b testing, SEO/SEM....every "entry level job" in sales or marketing now seems to require very specific experience I'm too old to get and wouldn't, it seems, outside of an internship. 

Is it possible to get certs cheaply for the sorts of jobs I'm talking about, if you're over 30 and lack easy avenues to experience? I'm too "inexperienced"/old for jobs listed as "entry level/will train here" (of course they won't, and they want fresh grads.)

I'm not sure what to do here. Is paying for a 12 week bootcamp or an online degree at an accredited college stupid (if I can even afford it?).
Hello! I’m an 18 year old and have autism, I’m in the uk.

Basically I need a job, but I literally have no idea how I’m even supposed to start job searching.

I have a lot of limitations that makes this whole thing a lot harder. I can’t drive nor can my mom so I can’t really travel for a job, I’m autistic and I’ve never had a job before, and I basically flunked school, college isn’t going well either. 

I’m not sure what kind of job I could even get, or what ones would be the best to look for in my situation.

I also just straight up have no idea how to get a job, like, I’ve tried looking through Google but I just ended up confused and having no idea what I’m doing. It’s so confusing.

Any advice on what exactly I’m supposed to do and what to look for would be very appreciated.
This is my first time looking for a job. So I wanna do a weekday only part time job first.

I have family obligations during the weekends so I can't work Saturday and Sunday (taking care of my elderly mom).

So I got an interview for a part time job through a recruiter(?)/consulting agency person(?) that understood my circumstances. She then directed me to another person. I'm assuming this new person is the employer.

This new person asked if I could come for an interview tomorrow morning at 10am, and I agreed. 

Now it's 10pm and I was snooping through Google and found the same job by the same employer, but it's full time, 6 days/week. no option for part time.

I think there was a miscommunication or something. The recruiter set me up for a part time job interview but the employer is looking for a person for a full time job?

How do I go about this? Should I contact the employer tomorrow early morning and double check with him if the interview tomorrow is for a part time or a full time job? if it's the latter, is it rude to withdraw my application and ask him to cancel the interview? 

TLDR: recruiter helped me find a part time job, but tomorrow's interview could be for a full time role. should I cancel the interview tomorrow morning? or just go?

EDIT: thanks for the replies yall. the interview was indeed for a part time position and i got the job. gonna start next Wednesday.
&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/68p8dekndi1c1.png?width=633&format=png&auto=webp&s=649b7a2ce492a4a5478fda838dc3be6a055b7372
I don't understand it really. As for $49 a month for a few months you can gain a google certificate or something similar where you get an official certificate in a job / career you're pursuing. Then for only $10 more you can get just about unlimited certificates? Granted you have to time to complete multiple. Then there is : [https://meritamerica.org/career-tracks/data-analytics/](https://meritamerica.org/career-tracks/data-analytics/)

Where its $0 to start & when you complete the program, they help you get a job and if you don't get a job that pays over 40k salary after 2 years you don't have to pay back the $5700. If you do, you have to pay it in increments w/ 0% interest. Sure you can learn anything and everything online, but something like this is more legit to future employers as well as in a course format for you to learn in structure. 

I'm literally looking at any and all options at this point since I am struggling to find a job even though a have a college degree and 10 years of work experience in customer service / hospitality. Heck I can't even get a serving job. I've applied to at least 300+ jobs now the past 2 months on indeed and linkedin.
Hello. How are you? 

I'm writing here on the off chance someone has any experience in the audio typing industry. Because what Google and YouTube both have to offer in terms of preparation isn't that great. 

I'm basically asking if there's anything out of the ordinary to expect? I'm not worried about my typing speed. I've been typing quickly for over a two decades. And I've been doing some practice on touch typing websites that even have medical based typing exercises. 

What I'm expecting of the job, is basically to be constantly bombarded with audio recordings of doctors during their examinations and I'm to just write what those doctors are saying, quickly to a deadline so I don't let them all stack up. 

  
Is that it? And if anyone has ever done this kind of job before or know people that have, how was it? Was it mentally exhausting? And what about the question of automating yourself out of work, considering there are some pretty good voice to text applications out there. 

&#x200B;

Thanks for reading. 
So i have an interview coming up, and on the email with the google calendar, it says Tuesday, but on a file they attached says Monday (which is tomorrow) 

I dont know which is which and i am considering attending both to make sure. 

On a side note, i know it says PST on google calendar but is it automatically adjusted to my timezone? Or i have to adjust it manually?
I am currently searching for any kind of entry level job. But I am having hard time finding anything of value because Glassdoor and Indeed are flooded with hundreds of "entry level sales" jobs or a similar wording. I know most of these jobs are either DevilCorp companies or MLM's so I know not to waste my time with those. 

But other than the hundreds of sales jobs, I am seeing dozens of Real Estate agent positions. Some say they offer training, some dont, some require a license, some say they will help you get one, some are from comapnies like Keller Williams (a well known reputable real estate company) and some are from companies I never heard of. I am really only seeing these 2 type of jobs listings, and maybe one legitimate Warehouse job in the middle of all that bullcrap. I put "not innterested" but that doesn't seem to influence the algorithm at all, I keep seeing tons of entry level sales jobs and real estate jobs. 

Does anyone know what all these positions for real estate agents are? Are they legit? What the hell going on? I tried to google around but found nothing of value. 

I have no clue who they are but they kept calling me after I got fired from my first job. I never answer the call cuz I don’t answer random phone calls from ppl idk. They cal me WEEKLY. It’s very annoying so I set my phone on mute for spammers. But who are these ppl? I can’t tell much from an google search but if anyone has dealt with this organization pls let me know who they are.

They have never called me ever. Not even before I got my job but as soon as I lost it they started calling. It might be a coincidence idk
Working on an EXCEL Sheet to document scammers and their phone numbers so that if someone googles these numbers they will find it is a scam. I have probably at least 4-5 attempted scammer contacting me this month pretending to be a business. Some seem to be from the same person

&#x200B;

Phone numbers from attempted job Scams

Laura CunningHam 11/14/2023 

**Number: (779)335-0346**

2x via voicemail 1x via text

Reported to FTC

Maybe "Laura Cunningham"10/31/2023 

**Number: (779)335-0348** 

Nicholas 11/1/2023

**Phone numbers : 551-323-3204 , 347-201-9063 , 646-201-9063**

Reported to FTC BBB Wix
Is this a common issue? Am I just not doing the right thing? I need help please!!! 

Before anyone asks I clicked both the clipboard image and the words, both brought me to the same tab. 

Photo 1. Before clicking the screening document (circled section).

Photo 2. After clicking the link it goes to a separate tab and requests I log in again.
I received a text message the other day from a (702)-430-6225 number claiming to be a recruiter that went by Tiffani William that claimed to be from Meitheal Pharmaceuticals for a remote position. I was skeptical at first since I never applied to the company and the way job scams have been going around lately, but know recruiters reach out after seeing my profile as well, so I did research and probed for more details. The rate seemed a bit too good to be true. Just as [the official page](https://www.meithealpharma.com/fraudulent-recruiting-activities-disclaimer) about fraudulent recruiters states, they mentioned using Microsoft Teams to conduct interviews. I responded that the official site doesn't use that service for interviews and the conversation stopped from there. Interviews would either be through phone call, Zoom, or in person. The area code (Las Vegas, Nevada instead of Chicago, IL) was a red flag, even though there is a possibility a recruiter might be located somewhere else in which I gave a careful benefit of the doubt. They ultimately failed and gave what I needed to see to not trust them. Given that I had to do a few Google searches to get the Disclaimer to show up, I figured I could warn other job seekers that are eager for such an opportunity and I let Meitheal Pharmaceuticals know as well.

I was contacted via phone by someone on the careers side of the company that goes by Lisa via phone call (224 area code) soon after the I sent the e-mail, so she could hear more details about job scams. There was no job opening of that caliber for the company, but she thanked me for the info and wished me luck. If anyone here receives a text from (702)-430-6225 going by Tiffani William for something similar, be wary.

**EDIT**: Attached images of the texts

https://i.imgur.com/Omfd9Hc.png

https://i.imgur.com/ZHF2cwl.png
I lost my remote BDR job in July and am collecting unemployment now which my home state is authorizing for only 6 months and I cannot believe I am halfway. I don't think I have ever been unemployed this long in my adult life. 

I was a server/bartender for about a decade and because of that, I was NEVER unemployed. I finally got out of that last year and got a sales rep job at a SaaS company. I am not a fan of pounding the phones all day but I learned a lot. Then I went onto a company that paid me way more to do that same thing but they fired me in July for not hitting their quota. 

Now I'm spending as much time as possible learning everything I can about Google Ads and TikTok ads but I am definitely still a novice. I'm a fitness enthusiast, worldly and incredibly well-rounded, I studied Mandarin Chinese in college but at this point would only consider myself conversational, but I am well-written, I have a great voice-acting voice, I AM DISCIPLINED. I don't know why I have gotten nothing but rejections for over 3 months. I am looking for remote positions (that include hiring in Connecticut where I am a resident but I legit cannot afford to live there) so I know that limits me but I am truly baffled. Why is NO ONE getting back to me? Do I need to start a masters program in something I'm seriously passionate about (Nutrition/dietician) even though I can't afford it? I have no certs/licenses, just skills and grit. Social media management, administrative assistant, even customer service rep, I am getting NO EFFING CALL BACKS.   


I'm literally waking up every morning even more and more stressed about the fact that if I don't find something before the unemployment runs out, I'm about to move to China to teach English or something because I'm feeling defeated (and I already tried that in 2019 and I hated it).   


ANY ADVICE APPRECIATED 
Considering a new direction, saw a video of a guy working as a fuel tech in Alert, NU.  Seemed like a job right in line with what I would enjoy, googled jobs and saw a listing up there where it wants experience in this field. 

A quick further google did not produce any courses, where do you get experience in this?  Bulk fuel sales?  Oil patch?  Interesting job way up north but finding how to get experience to be able to apply, I'm not sure.
Considering a new direction, saw a video of a guy working as a fuel tech in Alert, NU.  Seemed like a job right in line with what I would enjoy, googled jobs and saw a listing up there where it wants experience in this field. 

A quick further google did not produce any courses, where do you get experience in this?  Bulk fuel sales?  Oil patch?  Interesting job way up north but finding how to get experience to be able to apply, I'm not sure.
Hard can be physically, mentally, or just being isolated for extended periods of time.

I was thinking offshore oil platform, something in the arctic/antarctic, working at a mine. Just looking for ideas so I can do some research on my end. I can do my old job civilian side but I'm looking for something different. The world is a big place and it's hard to look for something I never knew existed. I do kinda live under a rock and Google only helps so much.

I'm prior service if that counts for anything, did logistics, load/unload cargo on aircraft, some experience with hazards and compatibility. Drive forklift, bus, did some air terminal work with passengers and their baggage and all the clearance requirements for wherever they were going. Have a secret security clearance.

Edit 11/19: Wow didn't expect so much engagement! Thanks everyone, lots of good stuff here. 
I've repeatedly had trouble trying to pivot my career into a higher income bracket and get some much-needed benefits. Every time things start moving forward something happens to keep me from leveling up. Currently out of ideas, energy, and cash.

Career: 10 years freelance writer, 1 year Social Media Specialist, also retail and receptionist work though both of those are very bad fits for me (100% introvert with RBF)

Degrees & Certs: B.A. in Communications with a Photography/Web Design concentration, Theatre Minor, Digital (Social Media) Marketing Certificate, Responsive Web Design Certificate

\-I tried for a Google Analytics Certification, but couldn’t force myself to go any further with it because the two prep class I completed were like watching paint dry.

Solid Skills: writing, photography (incl. basic editing), HTML, CSS, SEO, figuring out computer programs in general, travel planning, social media management

Basic: French, Spanish, AI art, ChatGPT (free version), content management systems, digital marketing analytics, website design, JavaScript, sewing, costume design, social media ads, online reputation management, Photoshop/GIMP, Excel, digital marketing

Need to Avoid: loud, high-pitched or persistent noises, customer service roles, lifting over 20 pounds, bright lights, standing up constantly, (advanced) math, drug tests, driving as part of the role itself, extremes in temperature, heights

\*all of these are due to minor health issues.

Prefer to avoid: early mornings (overnight shift preferred), managing other people,

End Goal: make at least 50-55k a year working a remote job with decent benefits and a flexible work schedule. A hybrid role at 60k would be okay too, but local companies simply don't want to pay a livable wage.

Potential ideas:

Front End Dev: solid vanilla HTML and CSS skills. Have taken several EdX courses & passed the first level of Free Code Camp. Very basic JavaScript and Bootstrap skills. Would probably need some higher level classes b/c I have a mental block with JavaScript. But bootcamps from schools with tech industry recognition cost several thousand dollars (6k-10k). Plus, the CS market is currently flooded with people that have lots more skills than I do, due to the recent tech layoffs.

UX Writer: I have plenty of experience writing just about everything including website copy, so I can theoretically  leverage my previous work to a higher start pay. I signed up for one of the free programs, but all they did was spam my inbox. I’d planned to take a highly ranked Udemy class ($15-25) to see if this is something I’d be good at. The online course I’m looking at is from a reputable school but it cost 1k. Plus, I keep seeing posts about the AI taking over these positions as well?

Budget Travel Blogger: It's dream job for me, particularly if it ended up covering all my living expenses to the point I could run the site full-time and I've found a good niche. However, it takes several years for blogs to produce any income and I’d need about $1k to launch the site. I’m also concerned that with the economy in a downward spiral, with necessities becoming more difficult for average people to afford, that vacations (even cheap ones) are going to be one of the first sacrifices that get made.

Other ideas: Project Management (remote), radiology tech (overnight), costume design (apprentice), start my own local social media management business, video/audio editing, basic IT support

Decent fit but doesn’t pay near enough: librarian, (overnight) baker, movie extra, teaching, tour guide

Looking for something that would only take 6 months (or less) to pivot into a new job. I'm not interested in spending more than another year in school. I'd also prefer not to spend more than 1k in additional education costs.

Looking for suggestions for next steps! Would welcome recommendations for additional jobs that fit my requirements and good online classes that are free or low-cost. Thanks in advance.
A  Friend of mine  got me an interview at a good government job and they require drug tests and i have marijuana in my system, do flush kits work and how long does it take to clear my system? I dont do it all day everyday or anything, just before i go to bed to help with sleep, but it will still be in my system of course. Does it matter what flush kit i buy? And where can i get them? Google isn't showing me anything when i type it in on the cvs or rite aid website.
Hi all,

I am currently applying for a position and FH reporting is listed under knowledge & skills. This is for a brand/art licensing position which is where my career experience lies. 

But I've never heard the term. Does anyone know what FH reporting is? Google does not seem to have the answer no matter how differently I Google it.

Thanks for your help!
I’ve always worked in the service industry and I’m about to have an interview for one of my first white-collar office jobs, I’m really excited it’s entry-level and it said the only real application was five years of customer service experience and it said that they want proficiency in Microsoft and Google applications, I am familiar with some things from high school but I haven’t needed to use those applications in years. Is there a crash course that I should take? Or is it something that’s pretty straightforward that I’ll be able to figure out pretty easily? Or what can I say the word around it in the interview to make it sound like I’m very trainable, because I have used different software before for booking clients, but they were very particular to the service like Shortcuts and Booker.
I’m 53 and have been in digital marketing for 20+ years after originally starting as a web developer. My last employer, I was Sr. Director of Digital Marketing….500 plus employee company and I was there 8 years. My previous job was for 4 years as Director of Digital Marketing at an E-Commerce company with 5 million members.

I cannot get a job and it’s been over a year. I’m too old and too experienced for everything I am seeing and companies I’ve had conversations with. So many companies (big and small) think digital marketing is Social Media and a 53 knows nothing about what’s cool and emerging so eventually in the final rounds of interviews I am passed over for someone 35 (or younger) who was in daycare when I was making $70K a year at Digitas back in 1997.

I can’t sue these companies for ageism or prove it. But I’ve had over 150 interviews in the last year and 1 offer at a weird company so I passed on it. I’ve been consulting the last year; jobs I’ve hustled (no, not UpWork type stuff)….recurring clients in need of a Google marketing professional. But I want to be part of a company again, a team. Not flying solo.

Thoughts/advice?
 Hello everyone,

I'm 25 years old and am looking for some sage career advice. This is my first post to reddit, so I'm happy to clarify any details I leave out.

At the start of September I was laid off from my job as a Lead Fitness Instructor. I've worked in the fitness industry for 5 years, but no longer hold and current certifications. Forget to get them renewed...

I decided to attend college to finish my BA degree in Industrial/Organization Psychology. I have most of my credits in Psych so I figured getting it done ASAP would be the best option. The only problem is that my classes began a week after I was laid off. My worker status was changed to student and I am no longer able to claim unemployment.

I live in Chicago and have been delivering Uber Eats to make ends meet. I don't own a car so I use my bike to deliver. Doing this in the winter seems like an unsustainable option so I'm starting to get nervous. I think I can pay rent for 3 more months.

Recently, I have become very interested in pursuing a career in data analysis. I am a learn on the fly type of person so I've been applying to any job that mentions entry level and data. My pursuit has not been fruitful. I have been able to secure a research position at my university. It is unpaid and only 5 hours a week.

I've researched the skills I will need to be a good candidate and plan to learn them as soon as possible. My tentative plan is (Google DA Cert., then learning SQL, Excel, Tableau, and Python). After learning these skills I plan to create a portfolio and apply for positions.

My question to you all is if this sounds like a solid plan? I am very determined to pursue a career in DA, I simply don't have any mentorship to bounce ideas off of. Any advice would be appreciated deeply. My original plan was to learn these skills while working an entry level data related position, but does such a position exist? Lastly, if no such position do exist, do I simply get a survival job to make ends meet until I have the skills needed for a DA position? I hated parts of the fitness industry, but I could get recertified and personal train again. Just cost money...

I appreciate you taking the time to read and comment. Any and all feedback is welcome!
I work in Maryland part time at an up and coming diner that does great business. I'm a line cook and they took me on knowing I knew NOTHING about the kitchen life. Multiple workers there (most being server/restaurant lifers) say it's the best environment they've ever been in. We have been racking up 5 star reviews and I wanted to add to it BUT it seems  like Google recommends against it. 

I wanted to ask the pros here: should I just wait for next year when I'll be in another career where I won't be able to work here anymore or just add to the glowing reviews now? Thanks
Hello everyone, I really need your guys help today regarding a job opportunity that I was offered after applying on LinkedIn

Basically, around 7 days ago, I had heard back from the company stating they are looking for a data entry. At first it looked amazing and I had did research on “Travis Blaise” the one who had emailed me in the first place. Once I looked up that name there were nothing but good reviews so I’m like great this doesn’t look like a scam.

Now, fast forward, I had gotten forwarded to the human resource team once I had filed the whole application that was sent to me. 

They state that they will be giving me a list of equipment to start my office for the job but it has gotten weirded as the days go by because they also want to send me a check to get everything. I was told if there are any funds leftover, that I could also keep the remains. 

They also said that I could keep the equipment after 12-16 weeks or however long it takes to match the amount that was paid through my work. 

I will attach photos now but, I’m pretty sure I should not have kept emailing back. Almost one of those too good to be true instances unfortunately.

Please let me know if anyone’s gone through this before? Thank you in advance
Applied to this job through Indeed and got this email about 5 minutes later. I already know it’s a scam, but just need someone to knock me out if my delusion.
Hey,

I recently finished master degree in law school, but dont want to be a lawyer so i decided to try and find work in PM. I am completely new to PM, I started doing the google PM course to get familiar with it and at the same started applying for entry level positions in PM

So a company based in Berlin to whose job I applied on linkedin called me on my cellphone asking me to introduce myself. Their field is IT and in the job post they said that bachelors in relevant field is desired and 6 months-1 year of IT and agile/scrum knowledge. The position is Junior project manager. I introduced myself, told them I studied law, mentioned some transferable skills and the guy said that everything looks fine. He asked me if Id be willing to move to Berlin for first 6months to work on-site and after that the job would be completely remote from anywhere I'd like (I'm not from germany) The whole chat lasted maybe 5 minutes. 

He said that they will send me a test on my email to check if I have other requirements. I open the email and see that:

-I have 5 days to do the test
-The usual duration is 3 hours but I have a total of 9 hours to do it once I open the link 
-During the test I need to have my camera AND screensharing turned on, because they will periodically take snapshots of both to include in their report

I mentioned this to some of my friends (they're not in PM) and they said that they've never seen or heard of such a long recruitment test, that usually such tests are about 30 - 60 minutes long. Also they said that the requirement to have my camera and screensharing seems a bit strange. 

They told me to be careful that its not just one of those things where you basically do free work for someone under the guise of recruiting. 

I dont know. Im completely new to this. Could you guys shed some light on this? Is this the usual way companies do this? 

Thank you
In September, I applied for this project coordinator role for this reputable engineering firm. In the certifications section, I listed the Google Project Management Certificate and CAPM and had the date next to it as (Sept 2023). That's when I had anticipated to have both these certs completed. Now, two months later, the recruiter reached out to schedule an interview with the hiring manager. 

The problem is I completed the google project management course but am still working on the CAPM cert. I obviously don't want to lie but how should I phrase my response? How do I approach this if asked? 

&#x200B;
Hello, anyone here work for the IT department for the state of New Mexico, Nevada, or any state IT department. 

I’m trying to network


I’m trying to break into the it field, limited funds for certs and I’m nervous about the protracted exams for Comptia certifications.

I’d like to get into the government or state market. I’m currently in the east coast but I’m completely willing to relate to a state that I can legally stay in my car, I’ve been thinking Nevada or possible New Mexico. I’ve went onto both state jobs websites and I applied for positions that only require an AS in computer related field. I’ll have my AS in information technology 12/17/2023. 

I’ve already applied for these positions Nevada says eligible next to my application but has yet to call for interview. I applied and attached my transcripts showing I’ll have my degree next month. 

I just want a state IT help desk job most start around 45k and go up to 80-100k if I’m lucky. Plus they offer pensions and good health and dental insurance. I really don’t wanna keep adding on more debt for my BS degree and not be in the field. 

My end goal is $30+ an hour in a livable state preferably not California, and a pension or 403b some kind of stable retirement plan and affordable health and dental insurance. 

I’ve been bombing indeed, interviewed one company and got the cold shoulder so far. 


I received googles IT support and cyber security certs on coursera, and was wondering if there’s any widely respected certs I can receive that are not protractor exams.
Idk if this is actually helpful or anything but it works for me. I don't have the money to pay for FlexJobs so you literally just copy and paste the job description into Google.

Half the time either nothing will pop up or if something does it seems to be from a somewhat sketchy company. But once in a while you can find job listings and apply directly.

Hopefully this helps someone!
I can't get a job like why me I tried everything here that I sae on Reddit, YouTube and Google and there still nothing like what am I doing wrong... doesn't god or the universe want me to succeed like I hate being dependant I'm too old for this shit... I'm working in  a contract that's ending and back to square one... I don't even understand why contracts exist like just to make you suffer at the end of it all like argh
I own a business but have been thinking about moving overseas after selling it. Even making a small salary of three to $4,000 a month would go a long way if I would move to Mexico or Southeast Asia. I'm just trying to get feedback on people who have done this course and what celery expectations one should expect. Were you able to find a job right afterwards and what are the working hours like?
I’ve seen so many people say you never get jobs from indeed. I’m trying to find a job as I’m a student and literally cannot afford to live, but every job has 400+ applicants and my application is never even viewed. My question is do people actually get jobs from indeed? If no, where do you actually find these jobs? I’m in the UK, my uni jobs support thing is useless, I just don’t see how else to apply. I have tried applying via company sites but it’s hard to find them as you have to essentially google every company you can think of, and not every one has a jobs page online.

EDIT: Indeed does work. I just wasn’t using it to my advantage. Thank you for all of your tips, I put them into use straight after I saw them, I now have 4 interviews this week!! This comes after 2 months with one interview. 

The main tips I received (and used):
- Write cover letters using keywords
- Apply on the company website after using indeed to find the listing
- Tweak CV to match keywords on the job description
- Only look at jobs posted in the last 3 days

Hello, I am in my 5th year of college and I am graduating Spring 2024 with a degree in Computer Science. I am beginning my job search and I never had an internship or a job relating to my degree, so I under that I am already at a disadvantage in the job market. I am highly interested in pursuing Front End Engineering and I have solid background in several programming languages such as C++,Python, and Java. My portfolio consists of a few Android apps such as a paper trading stock market app and I am currently working on creating a chatbot using Machine Learning. I want the best chance to be able to find a good job for when I graduate and I have a few questions.

\- What other projects should I have in my portfolio?  
\- Do certifications improve my chances such as Google Certificates?  
\- Any other languages I should be learning?  
\- Should I be looking for internships for the Spring or do I apply to full-time positions?  
\- Is it possible to get an internship after I graduate?

Any recommendations will be highly appreciated. Thank you!
I’m a risk professional in the fintech space with about 8 years of experience. I used to get a few inmails via LinkedIn a month from recruiters at companies like Google, Facebook, etc. Haven’t gotten one of those in like 9-12 months. I’ve applied to probably 50-70 jobs in the past couple months and got 2-3 phone screens. I used to have a 70%+ success rate getting a phone screen and often made the final round with ease. What the hell is going on with the job market now? Lot of jobs I’ve applied to don’t even send rejection emails anymore. Probably ghost listings? Anyways, I’m just shocked that job market has turned so sour. I was just informed of being laid off and I’m dreading having to find a new job. Located in the SF Bay Area so I figure this is still the best place to be hired. Any other cities I should focus on?
First off, I just want to start by saying I'm actually not religious and the title is a bit exaggerated but do feel like we all need all the help we can get.

I got laid off back in May, I'm a technical Project Manager with 5 years of xp. Initially I took it a bit slow while searching for new jobs. I got severance so there was no rush (oh how naive of me). I only applied to the jobs I wanted (cool companies with great benefits, you know, the Googles, the Microsoft, etc). Of course to this day, I still haven't heard back from most of them. 

Around July I started taking it a bit more seriously. Modifying my resume to fit the JD, adding cover letters, only applying to jobs where I met all the requirements. Up to this point I've had 0 success. But also at this time I started getting contacted by recruiters. Keep in mind this is the first time dealing with recruites so I was excited. I got a few interviews but unfortunately nothing came from these interviews. After all companies basically saying the same thing ( we decided to move on with another candidate) the recruiter would very bluntly ghost me. I would reach out inquiring about other possible roles and they would not answer.

We're now in late August/early September. My severance has been gone for a few months and I'm now living off saving and have filed for unemployment. At this point I'm desperate  I'm applying to pretty much everything I see that sorta resembles my job title. Success rate with applying to companies is still 0%. ALL INTERVIEWS are coming from recruiters reaching out to me. But still nothing (we decided to move on with another candidate).

Today: have gotten more interviews and all responses have been the same, employers keep going with other candidates, recruiters keep ghosting me, companies do not get back to me. It's really frustrating to not know who these candidates that are beating you are and why they are better than you. You never get feedback so there's not much info on how you can improve. It's very demoralizing and frankly I feel like giving up, I suspect I'm depressed because of this since I have very little to look forward on a day to day.

If I with 5 years of xp, I'm struggling, I can't imagine how difficult it must be for someone with 1 or 2 years.

Honestly I don't wish this on anyone. I just wanted to vent out and share my experience looking for a job these last 6 months.

Update 1: first post that blows up for me, I want to thank everyone wishing me luck. I've seen some people ask me for my location, I'm in AZ in Phoenix Metro.

Just a quick update about one recruiter that had ghosted me. I talked to a friend that used to work for that company, he was good friends with the head of recruiting and told him about this recruiter. Well not even a couple hours later this recruiter got back to me asking for an interview. I guess the lesson here is, leverage your network, it's always easier when you know someone that knows someone.
Started looking for jobs in May and so far got 3 interviews after maybe a 1000 applications. Recently was told my resume and LinkedIn were outdated, everything had to be reformatted for ATS that is why I was getting rejected. Then in discord someone told me that I was too broad in so many things and that is why it was hard to get a job. Then I sat down and started to meditate in the last 20 years work experience.  I will try to explain about me and my experience hoping you give me a honest point of view.

I am a USA citizen for 10 years, no crime, drugs or even parking tickets. 41 years old male married, no kids in NJ.

Started doing websites in 2003 and been doing it full time since 2012. I have made over 250 sites for different clients as a side business so far.

2011 I took a Network Engineer 9 months course (A+, Sec+, CCNA, Linux admin, etc) but kept doing web development. 

in 2015 started with AWS architecture to integrate to my skill set.

&#x200B;

Work wise I always find jobs where I use the IT, Web design, graphic design and cloud experience. but never had a title that fits it. so for the last 9 years am always the "IT guy" in different companies with none or an small team. Which never last more than 2 years, because I come in and quickly fix all the problems they have.

Not long ago I was making $28k and kept hoping until I reached $90k. 

Last year I was working in a company 99% where women and I was the ONLY guy. Loved the job, I was administering a windows server, active directory, doing help desk, etc, updating and developing the websites and ecommerce site, customizing a low code CRM, and even doing some APis integration etc. there were 2 girls that harassed me daily but I ignored them, still got fired anyway because were jealous of me and reported me to HR, right after I had a raise. Everyone was shocked it so unfair.  

&#x200B;

After got fired, I though will be as it used to in 2 or 3 weeks I will be working. its been 6 months and just 3 interviews... Now I realize, I don't have any AWS or IT certificate, asked around and was told ATS kept rejecting my resume because it lacked the right "keywords" I changed so many jobs to get better salaries that HR now disapproves, even though is normal for IT to change jobs before 2 years. Even Google employees leave before 2 years but anyway. 

&#x200B;

What advice would you give me?

&#x200B;
Disclaimer: Please don't get this twisted - I'm grateful for my job. I genuinely truly am. I know the market is tough right now - I've been searching and applying for jobs regularly and I see how hard to is. 

I'm a PPC Specialist in digital marketing for lead gen. I manage between 40 - 50 accounts at any given time (along with the other 4 people on my team.) There's a big end of year push to increase revenue by 3 million. I'm working on projections daily and trying to get our clients to increase budget (where it would benefit the client, of course.) I'm optimizing each individual campaign, adding Google products, making sure best practices are in place and working to close that $3 million dollar gap.

I had a 2-year review. It went very well. I was told I'm beneficial to the team and they "couldn't do it without me." *At the end of the meeting, my boss is the one that brought up getting a raise. I didn't even have to.* He said he'd be out of the office the next week and will follow up with me when he returned. This was three weeks. 

After our meeting I did a little industry research on a PPC Specialist in their second year. I make $52K now and asked for $60K. I understand it's a 15% raise I'm asking for. 

The last I heard from him was on 11/2. I inquired if a salary was agreed upon. He said - "Thanks for the follow up. I'll catch up with you early part of next week." It's Wednesday now, so if he doesn't get back to me by end of day today, I guess I'll be reaching back out on Thursday. 

It's just frustrating. I'll continue to do my job and get these projections done by the end of the day to bridge that $3 million dollar gap while I wait to see if my salary request of $8K additional yearly is granted. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
My interview for an account manager with business development focus position is coming up. It’s for chemical industry. I don’t know what kind of questions they will ask in the interview. Anyone who’s been interviewing people or have gone through interviews like this, can you please give me some questions to help prepare? I know I can google but I would like to get information from real people with actual experience. Also, for this type of role, what are some characteristics/qualities employers are looking for in a candidate?  Thank you so much for your help.
I’ve been aggressively applying for jobs on indeed and Ziprecruiter and I’ve been getting emails from recruiters on my personal email and phone number. I have a separate email and google phone number for job searching since I’ve had so many issues with scammers and spam previously. I don’t have my personal number and email on my resume or profile on any site, so I’m confused how they’re finding it.

 I mostly wanna know just so I can fix it and not be contacted on my personals.
I really love animals and would love nothing more than to work with em (obviously, who wouldn't) but I don't really know where to look overall and all google generally gives for ideas is jobs that require a lot of college like a vet, which let alone how hard it would be for me to do college with the bills I got, I also couldn't do a job dealing with animals in gruesome situations like that.

I'm not the best at thinking of things to look up on indeed or what have you, so any ideas on where to start looking that would give me a livable wage without much schooling? (I'm willing to do training ofc I just need to be able to pay my bills) I'd love to be able to work in really any job with animals but idk how I'd even look for like a sanctuary or something (and I'm fully willing to clean up poop or go out in pouring rain or snow to take care of animals, I lived on a farm when I was younger, I can deal with it, tho that wasnt a actual job and I cant use dead relatives as references haha) 

I'm currently working as security so my job experience isn't something that can really carry over tbh (maybe the basic first aid training?). I'm living with family rn so I only need to pay for my insurance, gas, phone bills, my car payments and some Subscriptions that I can cancel which total to 800$/month (my insurance is insanely high for my state but I'm told it's bc I'm 19 and making car payments) the family I'm living with also plans to move ages away in about 5-6 years so I've got a decent amount of time.

So to reiterate, what feilds could I look to go into? I doubt groomer would be enough to live off of, and idk what I'd look up to find animal sanctuaries, anything helps. I'd be down to do jobs like a trainer or groomer if they were livable but they're not afaik.
Please help me out.  I've been a freelancer (film/tv/video production) all my life.  This is the first time in 20yrs I'm considering a non-freelance job and I really can't tell if that's just normal process or if I'm about to get scammed in some way.

&#x200B;

**DETAILS:**

I've been applying for jobs for a while, and suddenly got an email reply from a company which... I never actually applied to.  A pretty shady looking email too, along with an equally shady attached pdf outlining the almost-too-good-to-be-true terms of the job. ($85k salary + they mail me close to $10k worth of gear to do my work on, benefits etc)

They're called 'Industrial Color' and the job is for remote video editing.  I looked them up, found a company with that name, but their logos/email doesn't match what's in the email.

All right, I gave it the benefit of doubt, and following the email instructions, I messaged the hiring manager via Teams (that's specifically what they requested).  He gave a very general/non-sensical answer to how they found me, but ok.  He right away told me that it'd be a full time, remote video editing job.  They would send me a whole bunch of pretty expensive equipment (fancy computers, cameras, gear) for work.  He was ready/wanted to do my interview on the spot right away, which I found a bit odd, but ok.  Then I was surprised that the interview was actually just a text chat on Teams + he asked me to record myself speaking the answers on video for some of the questions.  Seemed odd but ok...

Then today I get a call on my phone from some guy from their company.  He asked how i thought my interview went, asked me again if i have exp working remotely and then he said they want to hire me and i should talk to the first guy to finalize.

Now back to the first guy on teams again - he sends me 2 pdf files:

* First is a contract - and it's a joke of a contract.  Company logo is all different than before.  Margins are off.  And the most ridiculous - a picture of a golden 'official seal of excellence' on the bottom... eh??  All the contract asks me for is my name + pic of ID + proof of address.
* Second file - just asks for all my personal info, including SSN & bank account numbers.

&#x200B;

If all that isn't shady enough, there are addt'l red flags:

* I told the guy from the start I was looking for 20hrs/wk.  He was fine.  Then later in the interview he said "it's minimum 35hrs".  Then on the contract it says min. 30hrs.  There's no consistency in what they're saying...
* His responses have been really strange.  It doesn't strike me as "bad english" per se, but his replies a number of times were certainly off.  And a few times - strange spelling mistakes.  (spelling his own last name with lowercase letter?)
* They asked me for references, insisted on me providing those immediate after interview (without prior notice), assured me they'd contact them all... and then they offered me the job before even even having a chance to talk to any of those references.
* They keep saying they provide full benefits, insurance, dental, 401k, time off etc etc - but no details.  When i asked for details, he just repeated that they provide all of it.
* I actually live outside the US at the moment - while it doesn't impede my ability to work at all, I would imagine this would be something they'd want to discuss with me, especially as they want to mail me expensive gear... but when i asked on that, his answer was simply "okay".
* They offer a LOT of money.  It's not unreasonable - high end video editing is expensive.  But the reality is also that I've yet to meet a remote video editor who's cutting social media/online stuff and earning upwards of $80k - which they offer...
* The contract they sent me doesn't even have a company address.  Or Phone.  Or email.  Nothing.

&#x200B;

\-----

I'm quite conflicted and confused here.  I see so many red flags here and all the bells are going off in my head.  At the same time - maybe I'm just overthinking it?  I had a situation about a month ago when i went through a job interview and all just to at last minute realize it was a scam... So now i'm oversensitive - but this all really feels quite shady...

If it were a scam?  How would it even work?  They haven't asked me for anything?  Although I do hesitate to send them my SSN, ID and personal info now...  I should reply by tomorrow, but I'm hoping for some advice on here before i do?

Oh man... i really want this to be a legit offer - It's been a very hard year, all my clients are going out of business themselves and despite 20yrs of high end experience, finding new work has been a struggle.  That said - I don't wanna be a gullible idiot who falls for an obvious scam...

Here are the pdfs I got from them btw:

* [Contract](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R8VkB9zMHFFMxuV8SjipD0ckThXsxgd3/view?usp=sharing)
* [Employee Form](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13u643swFdCrbyJyJyq4r-j6gxDoM56ZG/view?usp=sharing)  


Any advice would be greatly appreciated!
Hi, I’m 28 korean. I have BA in counseling and I worked in HR for 2 years back in Korea.
I moved to US this year and currently looking for jobs in HR field but it has been really hard since I don’t have degree or any experience in US. 
So I’m thinking maybe I should get certificate cause I don’t know much about HR rules in US.
I tried to google it but there are so many certifications and I have no idea which one would be helpful.
Any recommendations would be very helpful.
Thanks!
I applied to this job yesterday on a whim. To be honest, I don’t even remember the job title and there was no company name. I received this email today at 4am. I looked up the company and it seems to be situated in Texas (I’m in Canada) and there’s very few reviews for a company that claims to have been around for 10 years. The name of the manager is also too common so I haven’t found anything online. Is this a scam?
I'm wondering if there is a good app that is just for temporary / gig  tech jobs?  A tech company or any company is looking for someone to do a simple tech task for example.  I was talking with someone and they said there was a website / company / app that did this, but as usually never heard back from them.

Yes I tried Google, Google is garbage these days.

Thank You
I am in kind of a weird predicament. I keep having great interviews with companies where they make it seem like I am their first choice and then get totally ghosted. I have  worked in management before, so I know that so many hiring managers will do a quick google search to see if anything pops up, maybe do a little Facebook stalking to see if there's any drama to be aware of. 

Well, I have an incredibly uncommon first name and there was a person with my exact same first and last name convicted of attempted murder who lived in the same state a few years ago. The very first result on Google when you search my name is a Wikipedia article about the case. I have been unsuccessful in landing a full time job for two years despite numerous really positive final interviews, a masters degree, and over a decade of experience. Should I mention this in the cover letter? At the interview? I don't want to sour the interview to be like "Hey, I'm not an attempted murderer."

&#x200B;
Hello, got a contract offer from them. Google and Glassdoor reviews seems too good. Does anyone know If it’s legit or not.
I’m having a hard time finding work. I’m in Communications but willing to take any positions. I used to have callbacks but now nothing. I have a long history in retail but I want to get better jobs. Any advice would be appreciated.
Note* I left off the company/school names and my location 

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science: Communications
Minor: Corporate, June 2021
WORK EXPERIENCE
 (07/2023 - Present)
Social Media Management Internship, Remote
• Creating engaging content, such as reels images and videos to increase sales and brand awareness.
• Monitoring and analyzing social media metrics and preparing weekly reports to track the effectiveness.
• Responding to customer comments, and inquiries in a timely and professional manner. (11/2021 - 03/2023)
Order Fulfillment 
• Picked out items from the sales floor, and packed online orders.
• Printed shipping labels, and loaded orders for shipping by the end of the day.
• Retrieved customer orders in a 3 minute timeframe for curbside pickup.
 (07/2011- 11/2016)
Sales Associate
• Provided outstanding customer service in a dynamic high- volume environment.
• Assisted customers with online orders ready for pick-up and online order returns and conflicts.
AWARDS & HONORS
• Dean's List - June 2021
SKILLS
• Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Google Suite (Docs, Sheets, Slides).
• Comfortable working in both Microsoft Windows and Mac operating systems.
• Excellent communication skills with a focus on team-building and customer relations.
• Outstanding organizational, multitasking, and problem-solving abilities.
Background: Engineer with 1 year of experience and 2 internships. 

Time: 1 and a half months of applying to jobs. 

Here’s some tips that might help you, you might know then but some people might not. Hope it helps you:

1. Use AI to improve your resume, ask it to make it more professional. Don’t just feed it your resume, give it each part and work with it to improve it. Chatgpt 3 is free. 

2. Use templates that are simple, don’t add a photo, interests, what you do for fun, etc. 

3. Research every area that is relevant to your degree if you have one. For example, I am an Industrial Engineer, but I can and did apply to Sales Engineering, Data Analytics, Supply Chain, Data Science, Process Engineering, Continuous Improvement, etc. Your degree is not the only job you can get. 

4. Apply outside of your state if you can. 

5. I sent 100 applications per week. You might think there’s not that many postings, there are! Use other websites, not just LinkedIn and Indeed, use more! 

6. If you find a position you like in a company, go to their careers website and apply to ALL the positions within that company that are relevant to your experience and education!! 

I applied to 6 positions in a company, got rejected for 5… but got a call for the 6th one and got the job. 

7. Get help, ask questions in this sub. Ask questions in /r/resumes etc. 

8. KEEP A GOOGLE SHEETS OR EXCEL WITH ALL THE JOBS YOU’VE APPLIED TO. 

This way you can send emails to check the status of the position, you can go to the website to check on your profile, etc. 

9. Talk to every single friend you have who have a job in a company related to your field. I got an interview at United Airlines just cause I knew a dude who worked there and added him as a reference. 

10. Thank interviewers with an email after every interview. They never respond to thank you emails, don’t take it personally. 

11. Practice Mockup interviews.

12. If you get asked the STAR based questions, have pre-written answers for them. 

For example, a question I got asked a lot was related to a time I found an innovative solution for a problem. I had that question and answer memorized already and the interviewers loved my response. Have projects or experiences ready for STAR based questions. 

13. Be thankful, smile, and be relaxed during interviews. 

I hope these help and are not redundant. This job market sucks and I hope you get that job. I got 8 interviews in 1 month, got rejected for 2, ghosted for 3, and reached final interviews for 3. I got one job offer, accepted it, and will decline the other two.
edit: this is part vent. I am feeling extremely isolated. 

I should note, I am very positive and attentive in interviews, because I'd like to work again. Excited, even. But I'm the only one, I find often. 

I should also I've used this sub for a long time to see what other people learn. 

I've gotten into a pattern - I'm the best friend of the recruiters that call, source me out, I take their calls even when they fumble and call early, and I can speak clearly and in detail about how my experience is valuable. Some of them might be nice, or well meaning. They're always younger than me. Somehow, here they are, they have work, and I don't. Their job is to dangle false hope in front me, while I suppress my desperation. 

"Where do you see myself in five years?" I have goals and talk about them, based on my work history or people I've worked with.

I answer having googled the company and the sorts of people who have been promoted. I speak slowly and clearly so they can take notes. I talk about job satisfaction in what I believe I did well. 

I am not looking for looks-based roles..I'm looking for jobs that sounds similar to mine, maybe even mention things I've done. Basically, sales support. I am applying only to roles that sound like mine: sales ops, sales analysis, sales __. Operations. My job, quite literally and at my job level. 

I might even get to a first interview round...and what I'm finding time after time after interviewers that are bewildered and pissy they have to see me and interview a candidate. No matter much I smile, no matter much I let them speak and then rethread what they say to my experience, as I take notes....no matter how good I think my questions are.

I research the company beforehand, asking recruiters for specifics on the team I'd be working with so I can try to show I've done homework, tapdancing to impress hiring managers who could not be more bored, could not be more disengaged. Giving my still underwhelming 110% to a sneer on the screen. I write the thank you notes. 

It seems fitting that having to admit I'm looking for a job because I was part of a round of layoffs is what ends the interviews. I can't change that. 

It was *so bad* last year, when I started looking, and it's become something embittering now.

The last company I interviewed for subjected me to a first round, a writing test, and then a *2 hour interview*, something no one already working could endure, with bored, rude, b*tchy interviewers for a temp role that that combined 2 or 3 jobs for one $25/salary. 

Health problems and chronic pain wearing down stamina is part of this - I know it. But even seated and remote it just...it's going so badly. It's excruciating and humiliating - every interviewer is a coldfish that acts like someone is forcing them to sit with me....after HR has wasted my time, asked for free work, etc. I consider myself lucky if I get a timely rejection, at this point. 


And of course, there's no feedback from these rejections on what they were looking for. One of the roles was paying a "coordinator" salary but expected an advanced sales analyst and the interviewer. I worked as a sales analyst and could talk about it...I live in a HCoL city, they wanted a senior sales ops analyst for $45k/year. I never would have applied. 

The consistency of hiring managers who refuse to write timely job descriptions is another thing that makes trying to interview horrible. 

I am interviewing for my previous job, or one notch above, or at least point, a notch or two below. Nothing crazy. 

Are any of you encountering this? 

The most frustrating thing is that of course, I have to discuss the layoff I was part of. That's when the interviews seem to die. No behavior, no makeup, no advice can fix that one. I redirect to my experience and what I can *do*, what I did, but that's when things go awry.

The only offer I've gotten in this search (casual for a year, accelerated for the last 3 months) is a job paying $17/hour. I was earning $25.50 in my last job (although it was onsite). It was the best job I ever had, but it was dead-end, and human resources told me dead to rights I would never be promoted or trained to do anything else, that when they created this role, there was no future. (I was one of two non-sale employees told they'd never be giving a higher salary/title.) It was a self-contained role. 

The layoff ruined my life. Every time I find myself back here, I have to reflect on the sorts of jobs I take out of desperation because these are jobs for hopeless discarded people with no place else to go. 

Because there was no future for my previous role and title, I'm competing against people who have the advantage of being more "age appropriate" for the roles. 

I'm exhausted by this. I want my job back, I want to stop looking for work, I want to stop waking up. I regret the last decade of my life so much.

 (To the hiring manager below in the commented who seriously suggested talking about a personal life and the recession, giving a politicized answer - I don't know what you hire for, but there are 500 posts from employees in this subreddit who find the onus to do this either abusve or laugh openly at candidates who gives the answers you describe.)
Hey, I’m a college student graduating in a month so I’ve been really trying to find a job for after graduation. I’ve been applying to a lot of jobs on Indeed, but I’ve been getting text messages from companies I never applied for. 

I’ve applied for a few marketing and sales jobs and I’m wondering if it’s those, but why would they list a different company on Indeed? One also listed the wrong city, as the text I most recently got said it was onsite in a specific zip code, when none of the jobs I applied to are in that zip code on Indeed?

When I Google the company names in the text messages I also get little to no results. One is a legitimate advertising agency but they’re based in a different city.

Are these scams? Shady companies? Or do I not know how the job search works?
A couple of days ago, I applied for a Remote Web Developer position at a company called Codment. They are based in New York and do web development for computers and phones. They sent me a Word document to complete with some interview style questions. I completed the document, sent it back to them, and today I got an email mentioning an Employment Offer letter. The question I want to ask is this fine to not have an interview but still get an offer letter or is it some sort of scam?

I looked up Codment on Google and LinkedIn and they are a legit company. I want to know if you can get an offer letter without getting an interview.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/zx29n2vdm0yb1.png?width=1213&format=png&auto=webp&s=389746b9c2ea2b53f7aad120ce45501b1f8158d3
Hi! I am losing my mind and wanted to see if anyone has any potential advice. 

I graduated university in July 2022 and I have been job searching since May 2022. I have applied to NUMEROUS jobs from then until now (I don't even want to think about how many), and have gotten probably between 75-100 interviews. I've made it to the final round of interviews with somewhere between 15-30. But they always choose someone else. 

I recently was just offered a position, but once I requested accommodations, they rescinded their offer (yes, I am filing with EEOC). That's really the thing that just... took every last bit of air out of my sails. On one hand, it showed that I CAN finish out the interview process and get an offer, but that was the FIRST offer I'd gotten in EIGHTEEN months. I'm just... so tired. 

I've had my resume looked over by HR professionals, career professionals, and even employers that I'm interviewing with have complimented it at times. I've worked with career professionals on interviewing skills and confidence in interviews. I know I still slip up at times, but for the most part, I'm comfortable in interviews and opening a dialogue with interviewers. 

I don't know what I can do differently. I don't know if I'm doing anything WRONG in the first place, or if it's just a matter of someone having more experience. I have projects that I consulted on (as a marketing major), but no wholly professional experience. I KNOW that's hurting me, but I can't change that now. I've been trying to bolster my resume with things like G4 and Google Ads and Hubspot certifications, but at the end of the day, those only offer minimal experience. I just get to learn them, not USE them. 

If any of you have any advice, I'm willing to try anything at this point. 
My mom can’t hold a job, she makes it a year at most. She’s been like this her whole life. I’m desperate for help, she’s almost homeless, what can we do??

Her issues:
- ADHD - doesn’t listen well, doesn’t learn well, very stubborn, often late, she’s medicated (Vyvanse) but it doesn’t seem to help and she insists there’s nothing wrong with her so she won’t get her meds adjusted
- bad with technology and apps.
- no school or job skills (only highschool)
- she’s been poor her whole life so she’s bad at sales jobs because she “sells from her wallet” and talks customers out of sales (then also can’t work the register). Also talks too much (ADHD thing)
- crazy disorganized
- refuses to do retail (I honestly don’t know if she could, she’s bad at doing things someone else’s way, I don’t think she could use a POS system)
- she says people discriminate against her because of her age (she’s 60 and I don’t think this is necessarily true)
- she refuses to work for minimum wage and can’t hold a job long enough to get a raise or promotion or move up
- family history of Alzheimer’s, my family thinks it could be the start of that but I grew up with her and she’s been this way my whole life. Something is off with her but no official diagnosis besides ADHD, but it’s possibly a learning disability and a personality disorder (she’s a narcissist for sure)

Her pros:

- she likes to help people
- she likes old people
- she’s crafty and creative
- constantly trying to start her own business (but the business idea is bad and never works out)
- she’s done every free government training available because she’s always on unemployment

The last jobs:

- New home cleaning: she was stubborn and argued with boss, demanded more pay, she made it 2 days

- Furniture sales at a large chain store: she kept it 8 months, she can’t sell because she sells out of her own pocket and couldn’t order the furniture in the system correctly, always had errors, bad at technology, got fired

- Merchandising company: they hired her to be a team lead in charge of like 8 people (she should not have had this position, she’s very disorganized and scatterbrained). They asked her to step down or resign after the first week and she chose to resign, and lashed out at the manager because she didn’t get her paycheck (she didn’t fill out the direct deposit form when they asked her to, check was in the mail and she still lashed out every day until she got it)

- Merchandising a specific section at a department store: she kept this over a year but they told her to do things a certain way, she refused and continued to do it her way and then got into a fight with the manager of the store, got fired

- Worked for a company that merchandised google play cards, got fired because she used the app wrong and it logged her mileage twice

Does anyone see any options for her? Shes been living with family for 6 years and they can’t take it anymore and want their house back. Shes very disorganized and crafty and her living space is a mess. She NEEDS to find a job that she can keep. Maybe she can get diagnosed with something, like a learning disability, and get a job that will work with her? She’s smart, she’s just stubborn as hell.
Anyone here has scored less than 70% in intermediate and still managed to get into big tech company with good salary, my rest of the academics is really good and have good projects and internships on my resume can I get into big tech companies if yes what are the eligibility criteria for Google or Microsoft etc... For 10+2 and btech?
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/activity-7125185044494643200-C\_Qe?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=member\_desktop](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/activity-7125185044494643200-C_Qe?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop)
Hello. I'm a 24-year-old at the beginning of my career path.For some time now, I've been trying to find a job in the generative AI sector, but without success. I would appreciate any tips on what I can improve in my CV and what I might be missing to land the desired job."
