This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Hey,
I'm currently studying bachelors in basically game development and computer science in Sweden. I just was looking into the careers that i could enter after graduating. Except of the obvious big software companies like Microsoft, meta etc. What other careers/ industries will i be able to pivot into using the skills i earn from my degree as a non-eu individual who is open to moving in general?
NOTE: THIS IS ABOUT ENTRY LEVEL SALARY NEGOTIATION. NOT SENIOR POSITIONS! The main point of the post was to ask what salary percentile range on Glassdoor/levels.fyi is it okay for me to negotiate for with ENTRY level jobs. Just to make this explicitly clear since so many people misunderstood in the comments. I understand internships are not YOE and why. I am not saying they are a replacement. I only said that since in some companies I am allowed to apply for SWEII or senior positions because there’s only a difference in job title and nothing else or they consider my internships as enough experience to at least try & interview. It doesn’t mean I’m actually applying for them!



I’m a little confused because my resume is a bit out of the norm for a new grad. I have a lot more experience than the standard applicant. Technically I would qualify for non-entry level roles (SWE II or even Senior in some companies) if my internships were considered as years of experience. Not trying to brag! I’m really trying to understand what is realistic in this economy.

Background: I graduated this May with a Bachelors in Computers Science. I also just obtained a CompTIA Security+ certification this month. Regarding internships, I have done 7 software engineering internships -2 being at Meta and 1 at Capital One. Those 3 internships took place in my junior and senior years. During the Meta internships, I actually led the development/ integration of new world-wide features in Instagram and Facebook. 


TLDR: What salary range for entry positions is reasonable considering my background? I know this differs a lot on location. If I used Glassdoor to get the averages for entry SWE roles in that state, what percentile range is it okay to expect/ask for? 

Note: I’m currently located in Maryland but I’m open to relocation.
Hi Everyone! I'm currently at the final stage of interviewing for a mid-level frontend SWE role at a large SAAS company (20k approx employees). About me -  4YOE (2.5 at FAANG/Meta + 1.5 at startup).  Earlier this week  I completed the final technical and behavioral rounds with the HM and other members of the team. Since then I've been notified that "feedback was positive" and that I was to move forward to the final round (1:1 w. the skip manager). After the skip round I was told to expect a "yes" or "no" within 2 days. At this point it feels like the 1:1 with the skip is a formality being that I passed all the other rounds and the team decided to move me forward. However given how tough this jobs market has been I don't want to leave anything to chance. Any advice for handling this sort of round? I have a strong product, experience, and tech stack match for this role. I have also spent a considerable amount of time researching the company, the teams product, org culture, tech stack, etc. On those fronts I feel well prepped :)
I have 6 months of experience at AMD as a firmware engineer and another 6 months at a startup (that no one has heard of) as a member of technical staff.

I'm making 145k at the startup and a third-party recruiter wants to interview for 150k for a 12-month Meta contract as a Software Engineer II.

How much is having 'Meta' on my resume worth? Right now I'm leaning that this isn't worth the job hop.
I’m looking for any advice/insight on how to play this situation. I accepted a job offer about 2 weeks ago with a fintech company and I start after thanksgiving. It’s a great offer, but not a top SWE company like Meta. I got an email from Meta asking to schedule an interview but I’m not sure if I should go for it.

I also found it interesting that at the bottom of my meta recruitment email was the following: Not interested right now? Tell us when to reach out again.
1 Month
3 Months
6 Months

Has anybody had experience with this? Should i ask them to reach out again in like 3 months once I know what my new job is like?
I'm 22 and got laid off earlier this year just after obtaining my first year of experience as a Web Developer. Most of the work I did was for the company's main client Meta (Facebook), which was one of the big reasons for me joining the company. All in all, I felt like I didn't learn much coding-wise but most if not all of my work was done on Meta's projects (which I guess is a pointer for my resume).

I'm a bootcamp graduate and it took me 4 months to obtain this job. I do **not** have a college degree. I've been applying to at least 10 job postings every weekday for around a month+ so far. Since I've been through the harsh job application during bootcamp, I already expected this process to take some time. I haven't gotten any replies/been denied on every application since I started applying. I'm a bit worried about the possibility of getting a job with the current state of the market. Previously I was content with pursuing job experience over a college degree but now I'm wondering if it's best to pursue a degree now.

I guess my question is, should I keep going? Or is it worth starting college now at 22 years old, after having graduated bootcamp, and having 1 year of coding experience? Will a degree help me much in my situation?

I'm met up with two decisions, and so far I'm mainly leaning toward number 2. I'll explain my thoughts but I could really use opinions.

1. Continue the job search. My original thought was that job experience beats a degree, and investing the 4 years of time spent on a degree would be better spent on more job experience (especially now that I have my "foot in the door").
2. Start college, I'm starting from the bottom so it would be 4 years for a CS degree. This would be a big time and money investment but I would be able to explore other fields of interest like game dev. I don't think college will hurt me so to speak, but my main concern is if I would be going backwards. I do believe 4 years of job experience would be better than a degree, but a degree sounds more "safe" and grants me the opportunity to explore. I would be able to open more doors and a degree seems to be a requirement on most job postings. 
*I'm also unsure how applicable my bootcamp and 1-year job experience would be after a 4-year study gap. Would I have an advantage over other college grads or is the gap too big?*

I know it's a lot, thank you very much for reading. I appreciate it.
Hi, I’m seeking advices from someone who works at Meta or went through the similar situations for negotiation process with Meta.

I’m in a lucky position where I’m in the team-matching process with Meta for SWE position. During one of the chats with my recruiter, they mentioned that I should reveal all of numbers for the competing offer. Otherwise, they’ll lowball the offer since I don’t have any data point (they have an internal comp team who calculates this).

In fact, I do have a very competitive offer from Amazon for the same role and city. However, I’m reluctant to reveal my number as I want to maximize on the Meta offer not just to match Amazon’s (also as generally it’s advised to not reveal the offer comp).

So my question is: If I decide not to reveal my Amazon offer comp, will Facebook really lowball with their offer? Should I reveal my competitive offer to have this at least matched?
Hey everybody, I've graduated a few years ago with a bachelors in CS and have worked at an embedded software company since then. I've more or less found that I'm not very interested and am trying to switch it up before getting too deep. I'm very unsure on how to go about it, as I'm certainly lacking full-stack skills that would be needed to get through interviews of that type of role.

Does anybody have tips on where I can start? I'm very good at C and low level work. I've found a Meta back end certificate that seems like it very clearly walks through back end concepts, but is this the right approach to start bridging the gap?

Any advice would be great
Hope this isn’t a dumb question, but I interned at Meta previously, and I remember version control and CI/CD just being super smooth and easy— like it was drag and drop in Visual Studio and then most of the testing was automated. I’m just wondering what other companies have dev environments like this? I really liked it and would like to work somewhere with this level of dev tooling that kinda erases the use of Git. Man, I hate Git. (So sorry, Git lovers).
Hey Guys,   
I have 3 years of experience and working at fidelity Investment currently. I have applied to meta using referral but unfortunately out of 3 positions I applied I got rejected for 3.   
Do I still have hope to get interview to get interview for the remaining 1 application?  I am ready to interview. Also, any other way to reach out to recruiters? And can I apply to multiple Meta positions or my applications would automatically be rejected.   

I got an email from IBM for their coding assessment a few days ago, and I have a dilemma:  
  
Should I just brush up a bit on my Python / SQL skills and finish the assessment as soon as possible, or take more time to practice these skills and finish it later in the week.  
  
The email says I have 10 days to complete it, but does it hurt my chances to finish it later rather than earlier? I don't wanna blow this chance if I can help it. I don't know the meta of how companies look at the results of these tests.  
  
Any advice?
I have 2 years experience working at Meta as frontend engineer. 

I can get interviews for mid-level positions, but I tend to fail at demonstrating project ownership, XFN collaboration, and architecture skills. I feel like I need another year at IC3 so I can learn these skills better, but I can't get interviews for IC3 positions, presumably because by this point in my career I should be performing at an IC4 level.  


  
Not sure what to do here. I still get an interview every other week or so. I've made it to final rounds with 4 companies, so not all hope is lost, but it's running out for sure.   


Any ideas how I can develop and demonstrate these skills in interviews??  


I was in the first round of layoffs, so I've been unemployed for a year, but I spent most of that vacationing, I've only been job-searching in earnest for a few months. 
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
I have the screening interview coming up which is 45 mins, 2 questions. I'm going in expecting 1 to be LC medium and 1 to be LC hard. Would anyone be able to confirm this or talk about their own experiences with Meta screening interviews?
Hello, I just moved to London and started working at Bloomberg and from what people say it seems be like at the top of the pyramid it terms of WLB/compensation ratio, besides terrible work life balance hedge funds or super hard to get into quant firms, what are my future choices?  For now I only now Meta which pays a bit more but also has slightly worse WLB, Google surprisingly has terrible WLB in London where as in US they were good
With Facebook changing into Meta, I think we should take the opportunity to change the FAANG acronym into MANGA.
People who interned at google, meta or any other big tech companies are getting rejected left and right. People have been laid off and new grads are struggling to get jobs in the industry. What the fuck do they want? What more can you ask from a single person?
I've been asked system design questions in past interviews with different companies. I've also interviewed with Meta many years prior and they never had this split option to choose between System Design and Product Design.

I'd really like to understand better what to expect in a Product Design interview session and how exactly it differs from the System Design interview.

And, if you have taken the Product Design interview, how did you prepare for it? After taking the Product Design interview, how would you prepare for it differently now?
Two months ago, I started applying to jobs and the only two companies that reached back to me were Google and Meta, I got auto rejected from everywhere else. I was super excited and started studying asap, multiple hours a day and basically made it my entire life. 

Now that I have my phone screens tomorrow I feel super weird.

If I fail, I’ll have done all this for nothing.. I mean sure the leetcode will stick but it still feels like a waste since I gave up my social life, my exercise habits and other things that brought balance to my life.

Looking back on it I wish I had stayed more consistent throughout the year with leetcode and system design instead of cramming. Ah well, lesson learned. Anyway, rant over.
I know the market is tough right now. The other day I saw more layoffs, but also seen Meta putting out postings for recruiters which is a good sign. Anyways, my job has a listing out for a SWE and I got some people finding me on LinkedIn and messaging me about the posting. A friend on the hiring team told me about the person they’re interviewing and it seems like they’re more willing to hire new grads (with internship experience) over a guy who had 15 years and another with around 3-4 claiming to be a hot shot tech lead for a company in our industry.

Long story short, don’t be an a-hole, keep applying and there are definitely still companies out there looking to hire new grads.
I graduated December 2022. I can't find a single job whatsoever. I used to have recruiters on LinkedIn message me at least once a week, nvidia/meta/pinterest/etc. A good handful of my peers already have their careers started, and here I am doing nothing. I work on my projects and leetcode but nope, nothing.

I don't know how many applications I have sent out, maybe 700+. I don't think I am a terrible candidate either. I had an internship at AWS, am familiar with a good variety of things from machine learning, web development, embedded, and more. I think i show drive and adaptability. While this experience is going the be the same as many other applicants I am competing with, I honestly am having a hard time standing out. I have gotten about 4 interviews and 2 declined offers. One was about 3 months ago, and I regret it. Another I declined because the team said I was not going to be programming (with a software engineer title).

I have done so many revisions to my [resume](https://imgur.com/a/Yytsa8G), I don't think it is terrible either? I have had it reviewed by about 3 of my peers already.

I am frustrated and feel like a failure, I do not want to give up though. Fortunately I do not need a job to survive at the moment, but I want to start my career already.

Edit:  
I forgot to mention I am going to a career fair soon and hopefully something comes of it. 
Basically the title. I majored in Information Science with a minor in Computer Science in 2018. Barely did any coding in college but I’ve been learning this year with the Odin Project/Meta courses hoping to get a job sometime in the future.
I have an opportunity to get a free bachelor’s degree from ASU 100% paid for by driving for Uber. Should I use it to get a computer science major or is it pointless if I already have the minor?
Hey everyone! I am a CS Major and will be graduating in May 2024. I saw that Google only allows you to submit 3 applications every 30 days. Is there such a limit at Meta as well? And does it apply to all of its sub-companies like Instagram, Facebook etc.?
Any Data Engineers here who have worked for Meta and willing to provide some feedback. How was your experience at Meta ? What did you like or dislike at Meta as a Data Engineer.

I am expecting an offer soon but would like to understand people's experiences at Meta.

Thank you and cheers.
I can't. I applied to every new grad SDE/DS/MLE/AS position possible in the US through websites n referrals. None. Nothing. The economy this year is far worse than the last year, with most companies not opening new grad positions. Most people got return offers from internships, and others are already getting interviews, while I have not even received a single OA ever. My internship company promised a return offer because I built them the best project possible, and then they started a hiring freeze. Great.

I interned at big tech, fortune 50, and fortune 500. I tailored my resume at my best knowledge with the assistance of ChatGPT and other matching tools online to match the job descriptions, and companies still don't read it. Whoever I asked for referrals told me my resume was excellent, then every company either rejects me or ghosts me. I did so many AI projects, especially with NLP and multimodal stuff, but I have no publications, so DS/MLE/AS positions don't want me. DA/SDE positions always say "while your resume is impressive, we move on with candidates who better match our needs". I reached out to every possible HR/HM on LinkedIn including alumni. I paid for premium just for this purpose. Everyone ghosted me. No one cares.

I can't. I'm nearly done living in this world. If I don't get a job in the US, I will get into serious trouble with my family next year. I'm on F-1. I just don't know how to play the game anymore. I'm already 26 in my final year of Master's program and I still struggle to sustain myself. I have no asset. I have no income. I cannot afford doing a PhD and I don't want that either. I want to work in the industry. I can't even get myself to do OA/interview preps anymore because what's the point if I don't even get an OA/interview anyway.

I would appreciate any advice at this point. Anything. Criticism or whatever.  


**EDIT**: Thank you everyone for your valuable reply. I genuinely appreciate it. I did not expect visa sponsorship to be this much of a deal but now I understand the situation better thanks to yall.

Just some clarifications: ChatGPT and resume scanning tools were only used to check if my resume matches job description well. I still write every bullet point on my resume of course.

Meta, Apple and Amazon are hiring a lot of people yes, but those positions are not specifically meant for new grads. I check their websites every single day. I got referrals for Meta and Apple, and I still got ghosted. TikTok and Pinterest explicitly posted positions for new grads, and I failed both.

I cannot go back to my home country cuz I didn't grow up there.  I did high school and undergrad somewhere else. I'm a third-culture kid. I know no one back home. I'd avoid talking about family and private matters, but my parents aren't rich. I came to US on debt.

Thank yall so much for the support and the criticism! I plan to fight till graduation without getting my feelings involved, and if I still fail by the end of the day, there's nothing else I can do but farewell US.
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
So I have been looking for job/internship as a full stack developer over a year now. I don't have a CS degree, my major is mathematics and now I'm thinking of doing masters in CS or data science idk . Back to the point Im learning full stack web development for past 2 years now, I have built some projects with Nextjs and worked with aws and stuff and for job searching I use LinkedIn, so I write emails to mostly careers@ or jobs@ and attach my cv to it with some introduction, what I'm working on and how hopefully I can contribute to their team and blah blah. But to my surprise not a single response from any of the emails even the ones who are hiring fresh grads maybe it's my cv even though I spent like six months on Coursera certifications particular meta front end developer and some AWS certifications and I thought maybe these will helpe at least get a response, at this point I'm desperate to work free tbh for experience but what am I supposed to write that I will work for free try me? Any suggestion is appreciated
Seeking direction.

I'm currently an Electronics/Controls tech at a job that I really like in terms of the flow. (Associate's in Applied Sciences in Electro/Electromechanical, with a focus on Automation). I get to work 4/10s giving me 3-day weekends, I sit in a comfy chair about 85% of the day, and I get to do final quality inspection on a few product lines. Pay is about $56,000 a year, it's great. But after a few months of working, I've realized I want and need more. Music is an expensive hobby, and there's a bunch of dreams I have as well for a future family.

I'm started the Google Data Analytic Certificate, as well as the Meta Front-End Developer Certificate a few days ago because, 1) I'm not sure where exactly I want to go earn more money, data analysis, or software development, and 2) I know I want to do something with software that pays 6 figures at startup.

Problem is, I'm pretty sure I won't land a job that pays that much. Not in Nebraska at least; moving is not an option for a few years at least. I also don't want to leave my full-time job because the pay is very helpful.

SO. A friend of mine recommended that I do online school. After reviewing a few options, I've been really interested in Arizona State University. They offer an online Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering. Considering I have lots of time on weekends, I think it's realistic for me to at least do part-time schooling and start working on this degree. Perhaps I can even find a job halfway through while I'm still finishing the degree. There's other options as well, some schools offer 6, eight-week courses that make for a sort of accelerated learning. I'm just a little bit afraid of being overwhelmed with the workload.

As for prior experience, I've done a little bit of industrial coding at school as well as at an internship. We worked with physical I/O, and programs that could take those inputs as well as my code and set desired outputs to turn on and off as needed. It felt very low-level compared to just a few hours that I spent trying to learn C.

So, bottom-line, I think that getting a Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering is my best bet if I want to make $120k+. But, I am looking for any opinions folks may have as well. I wanted to cheat the system with the certificates I mentioned earlier, but it seems there's no way around the mountain of a 4-year degree. Funnily enough, after I finished the Associate's, I thought to myself, "Wow, I wish I was moving into year 3 of the Bachelor's right now". Oh well.
About to finish my PhD in a specific application of ML. The university is a pretty famous French institution, but without much AI/ML prestige right now. I have a bunch of publications in industry specific conferences/journals, but no NeurIPS/ICML/etc. After that, I'm going to work as an ML researcher for a startup which does some research and some product work.

In the long run, my ideal position would be something line a research scientist/engineer at an industry lab - I still want to do research, but definitely not in academia. DeepMind/Google, Meta, Anthropic and the likes would be perfect, with some preference for the first one.

What I'm looking for now is advice how to head towards that goal. As a PhD student I had - at least theoretically - a lot of flexibility in what I do, and if I got a few NeurIPS papers, I'd be golden. Now, I'll probably spend most of my time working on client products. This will certainly help me learn a lot and give many necessary skills, but that won't be as apparent on my resume.

So - how can I make sure that throughout working in a startup, I get stuff that will be appreciated by future, hopefully higher-profile employers, at least enough to get me through the resume screening stage?
Hi!

I just got word form my recruiter that I'll be moving to offer stage (no numbers yet) and team matching as an infra E4 in NYC next week. I'm supposed to fill out a form about orgs/teams I'd be interested in.

As the title mentions, what are some good teams/orgs to consider if I'm prioritizing wlb/culture (and secondarily interesting work).

Thank you!
>Market is bad so should I take a shitty offer?

Take it and keep looking.

>I have an offer and I'm interviewing for another company I like more. What do?

Take it and renege.

>Have an offer but company might go bust. What do?

Take it and keep looking.

>I have no experience and I have a tech adjacent offer. What do?

Take it and keep looking.
I have been applying for many big techs and start-ups in Canada since Feb. I am going for higher mid to senior engineer level. I don't track how many of them (about a few hundred positions perhaps). But I have only 32 recruiter callbacks, a few did not move forward after initial calls. Out of the remaining, I passed all online coding rounds (if any) and passed & failed here and there at the 1-2 phone screening rounds. Among the passes, I moved to 7 virtual on-site... and have failed 6... Among these are Meta, Apple, & Stripe, and a few start-ups.  
  
I have gone through the process with the big ones like Meta, Apple, Google, TikTok, Zynga, Stripe, Pinterest, Dropbox, Confluent, and Ripple. About to start with Amazon, Reddit, Lyft, and Spotify.  
  
From this experience, I realize that, in this climate, companies do look for almost-perfect candidates, and it does feel like they look for ways to trip candidates up, for ways to reject them.  
  
I was able to solve almost all DSA/Leetcode questions in those rounds (Meta has 2 questions/coding round), but it is almost always the System Design that killed me. I have read lots of materials on this, from the familiar TinyURL or Twitter designs to more complex ones like Distributed Locks, Distributed storage, etc. In the interview, I can always draw up the basic high-level design and explain my decision.  
  
Some time the feedback is that I did not discuss trade-offs enough, other times when I did talk about trade-offs, they said I did not have conviction when making my design decisions (not sure what to make of this).  
  
In one particular start-up, they gave me a simple React repo and asked me to implement a feature live. Note that I don't have a single YOE in FrontEnd/React, and their rationale was to assess how I could navigate a totally unfamiliar codebase. Being an experienced engineer, I was able to Google search for some stuff, while sharing the screen so they saw what I was searching. I managed to get it working at last, with some hints from the interviewers (mostly because I am not fluent in JavaScript). The feedback on that round: They think I have difficulty navigating the documentation, and I did not collaborate with the interviewers. LOL, this was a senior position and most of the daily technical problems we face, we usually just Google it ourselves. not sure what they expect. Also, about the difficulty in navigating the doc part: well, duh, they gave me a code base in a language I'm not familiar with.  
  
There are a few more ridiculous things that I went through here but I have already ranted too much. A lot of the time, I think the interview is just to satisfy the ego of the interviewers and not to assess the candidate's ability.  
  
My background: 6+ YOE, Backend engineer, working at a big e-commerce company in Canada, working on many user-facing features and with distributed systems.
Yesterday I got a few messages from friends asking about if [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/16csvx0/how_the_f_are_people_making_staffsenior_engineer/) was me. It wasn't, but looking at it does make me think it might be about me since [I did get to Staff Engineer (L6) in 3 years at Instagram (Meta) from L3](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanlpeterman/). Here's my high-level performance reviews [from L3 -> L6](https://www.levels.fyi/?compare=Amazon,Facebook,Google&track=Software%20Engineer) to help give a concrete example of what this trajectory looks like.

**H1 (L3 Exceeds Expectations)** \- First, I took on any task that came my way. These were nice-to-have features that others didn’t have time for. I completed them quickly and started on a larger pipeline rewrite (L4 scope) that my tech lead offered to me. Outside of my main project work, I made a lot of contributions to removing dead code and speeding up existing code because I enjoyed it. I started to hit L4 expectations in the last few months of the half. But, since I didn’t have 6 months track record I didn’t meet the promotion criteria.

**H2 (L3→L4 Promotion, Greatly Exceeds Expectations)** \- I continued driving my L4-scope project independently with high engineering quality. I came up with the idea to build a test harness to validate this rewrite that was “comparable to L5 quality” execution. I continued my passion for improving the codebase and led the company in adding static type annotations that [MonkeyType](https://github.com/Instagram/MonkeyType) couldn’t.

**H3 (L4 Exceeds Expectations)** \- This half I wrapped up the workstream that got me promoted to L4 and picked up another L4 project. I spent a ton of time on engineering craft this half because I enjoyed it. I deprecated a few legacy systems that no one else would because they were dangerous and not that impactful. I didn’t exhibit any L5 behaviors this half.

**H4 (L4 No Rating)** \- My manager handed me an L5 workstream (\~6 eng) to [cut video messaging latency in half](https://about.instagram.com/blog/engineering/cutting-threads-send-latency-in-half) that I led successfully. I also began a side project which turned into a multiple-half collaboration with another team. Lastly, I took on an intern who did a phenomenal job in helping me execute these two roadmaps I was leading. Although I started exhibiting L5 behaviors the pandemic canceled performance reviews this half.

**H5 (L4 → L5 Promotion, Greatly Exceeds Expectations)** \- My impact this half could’ve met expectations at the L6 level. I doubled down on the cross-org scope I created in H2 and developed a multi-half roadmap. I influenced and led another team to invest several engineers to [revamp the IG video ads pipeline](https://about.instagram.com/blog/engineering/making-instagram-video-ads-performant) with great results. I built out a second workstream and mentored another engineer to deliver it. This half I had massive impact, team-level influence, and mentorship which is what got me promoted.

**H6 (L5 Exceeds Expectations)** \- I led two workstreams that were partnerships with other teams to hit our goals. I also landed a [large win in an unplanned ads workstream](https://about.instagram.com/blog/engineering/making-instagram-video-ads-performant) which is what brought my rating above expectations. I was also one of the top contributors to code review and interviewing in my 70-person eng org. The hidden success here was that I bootstrapped a new workstream towards the end of the half that was certainly L6 scope.

**H7 (L5 → L6 Promotion, Greatly Exceeds Expectations)** \- The L6 workstream I created turned out to be a massive opportunity. [This work was a huge success](https://engineering.fb.com/2022/11/04/video-engineering/instagram-video-processing-encoding-reduction/) which resulted in a company-wide award and [public recognition from Mark Zuckerberg](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6994387208375873536/). I also created a cross-org collaboration between 3 large orgs (70+ eng each) which received positive feedback from each director. Lastly, I ran infrastructure preparations for my org resulting in no major incidents during the most critical time of the year. The repeated influence and impact of these large initiatives is what got me promoted to L6.

&#x200B;

**Responses to popular takes from the comments in the original post:**

*"Companies have different definitions for titles. “Senior” at one company may not be “senior” at another."*  
*"Comparing titles across companies is about meaningless."*

**My response: Yes that is generally true, but at FAANG the leveling system is standardized and similar. Your level at one FAANG company transfers similarly to the others. See** [**here that the comp is similar too**](https://www.levels.fyi/?compare=Amazon,Facebook,Google&track=Software%20Engineer)**.** 

*"Some people have been programming since they were kids, some people are working 80 hour weeks, some companies are small, some companies have a very long ranking system, some companies hire erroneously, some people fake their creds, sometimes it's just not real, sometimes it is."*

**My response: I first learned programming in my freshman year at UCLA. I did work long hours on the weekdays and I'm fortunate that my company rewards impact over tenure.** 

*"Senior/Staff at FAANG =/= Senior/Staff at a company with 10 employees."*

**My Response: Instagram is part of Meta which is FAANG.**

"FWIW Meta forces you to promote to “senior” within 4-5 years. Its a company that focuses on growing employees. Other companies sadly are less interested in employee growth."

**My Response: True. Meta does a great job focusing on growth. Once you get to Senior, there is no rush to get you to promote since Senior is considered "terminal"**

&#x200B;

I can't deny that luck and opportunity were a big part of my fast promotions. I was extremely fortunate to join a company that rewards impact rather than tenure, have incredible mentors/peers, and be on a team that had scope for a Staff Engineer. That being said, I did work hard and you can see the impact that I had speaks for itself. **Not everyone will get promoted this fast to Staff, but you have influence over your career growth.**

I write weekly about software engineering career growth to share the knowledge and mentorship I was given. If you thought this writing was helpful, [consider subscribing to my newsletter](https://www.developing.dev/). You can take a look at the content I've already written to see if it's right for you.
It seems like highly paid and research scientists in FAANG corporations come from the 4-5 known labs of Fei Fei Li and Andrew Ng in Stanford, Yann Lecun, the MILA AI Lab (Yoshua Bengio etc) etc. Just from looking at the alumni of the above labs, their in top positions in Meta, Amazon, Google brain etc. Even undergrads.

If an undergrad from Stanford who has worked with Fei Fei or whatever lands a top job at Google, it seems irrational to waste a minimum of 3-5 years to obtain a PhD from a non-top lab just to end up working a regular job where you would probably be overqualified. Why get an underpaid PhD at a non-top lab if you're going to end up as a "data scientist", "ml engineer" or whatever at a startup or a local company not having the resources to support new research?

I don't know if it's too pessimistic but as of now with all the NN hype where computational resources far outweigh theoretical research (Trevor Hastie days seem gone), all cutting-edge research is published by Meta and Google Brain how would a PhD from somewhere outside of Ivy with not access to such teams and resources be considered groundbreaking to open such doors? Heck then just stop after my Master's.
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
If you've applied to Meta before, you probably came across these interview prep videos that Meta has for free. Is this something that I should use to prepare myself for interviews? Or is it too simplistic? Really nice and transparent for Meta to provide something like this for all candidates, but what's the catch?? I'm skeptical. Anyone know why they have this up there and if it's any good to use for tech interviews?
I want to make an extra one or two grand by working as a freelanced full stack, but my friends are saying to see another field because they are saturated and not for new people (freelanc websites specially). is that true????

note: I'm currently taking the meta specialisation in coursera if anyone have advice for me please don't hesitate. 

thanks in advance.
A lot of major companies have programs for underclassmen internships: Google’s STEP, UberSTAR, Meta University, Amazon Future Engineer, Duolingo Thrive?, etc. Nearly all of them say applications open in the fall of 2023 but none of them seem to have opened yet and I’m a bit confused on what the timeline looks like given I was told the process starts around this time of year in mid to late august.
Hello, I'm expecting to graduate in 2024, and I'm hoping to start applying as soon as possible. I am particularly interested in companies that have anything to do with Computer Graphics (Computer Vision isn't an issue, but not a preference). Because I'm an international student, that makes the job search a little more complicated. So far I've only looked into Nvidia and some graphics openings at the more well known companies like Meta and Google, but what other companies should I consider that do visa sponsorships?
For example — number of times you tab out of the window. That sort of stuff. Copy-pasting I understand, but not tabbing out. Does this stuff matter / affect recruitment chances? Early career
I am a student deciding which one would be best to do. I know some of them would be better than others in specific fields, but lets say I am a general software engineer with no specialty in a field. Here is a bulleted list of the professional certificate.

* Google Data Analytics
* IBM Cybersecurity Analyst
* Google Digital Marketing and E-Commerce
* Google IT Support
* Google Project Management
* Salesforce Sales Development Representative 
* Google UX Design
* Google IT Automation with Python 
* Meta Front-End Developer
* Meta Social Media Marketing
* Meta Back-End Developer
* AWS Cloud Solutions Architect
* Salesforce Sales Operations
* Intuit Academy Bookkeeping

&#x200B;
What questions did they ask? How did it go?
I switched to a new employer last year, and when I tried to sign up for blind with my new work email, I didn't get an email from blind on my work email. I think my employer blocked emails from blind. 

I was previously at meta, and continued to use that account until it asked me to re-verify my email, which I obviously couldn't. 

Is there any other way to make an account on Blind, one that I can actually post and comment with? I know you can browse and read with an account from a university email, but you can't post.
I have 9 years of development experience in web and mobile domains. While I wouldn't claim to be exceptionally skilled or possess a natural engineering mind, I worked hard to pursue this career. I'm self-taught and have a degree from a different field. I've been able to live off my experience back in my home country, where my work involved a mix of remote freelance and full-time positions. My primary focus was on UI development using technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Angular.

At a certain point, right before moving to Canada, I made a decision to change my career to iOS development. I quit my job and jumped into learning mobile development. It was right when pandemic started, so I got plenty of time to learn. I completed several online courses, where the most significant was iOS Developer certificate from Meta which took me 6 months to complete. I built dozens of projects, including working for a startup where I invested 2 years of effort to design, develop, and launch a social media app.

Since I moved to Canada, I have never been able to land any tech interview for web and mobile positions. There were some initial screening calls, where I kept hearing that their company is looking for exceptional and very experienced professionals. I couldn't get any freelance gigs either, even tried to compete with thousands of devs from all over the world for very small rates. I never thought that working hard and literally having a real experience means absolutely nothing in terms of employment. I never thought that I couldn't earn a single dollar after being in tech for almost a decade.

This is an absolutely astounding situation for people like me. I have never aspired to become a prodigy who lives to solve hard LC algorithms every day before breakfast, lunch and dinner, but it seems like the companies only want that kind of people.

I don't want to have $200k salary. What I think is fair is a simple opportunity for people with experience to be able to get a tech job, even for $2\\hr. To have some security or feeling that they are needed instead of having a constant pressure to perform better than the competition, or worse, thinking that they are stuck in a dead end situation after many years of hard work on their craft.
I constantly see posts like “I’m graduating with no experience, am I screwed”. The answers are more or less the same rehashed thoughts. Maybe we could just create a wiki and point people to that.
I'm a senior swe. Recently got approached by meta recruiters on a e5 position and l'm going through the interview process. Currently I'm making about half of the total comp an e5 makes (according to levels.fyi) on a position that I'm pretty comfortable with. For the fellow meta engineers or former engineers, what's like working there? Is it fun? Do you feel like your work has impact?

I'm having a hard time deciding if it's time to jump boat or not.
Disclaimer: This question is in the context of before the whole tech layoff disaster, not the current market.

When it comes to talking about getting high salaries in tech, the top suggestions are Meta, Amazon, Google, or Microsoft. Is it really only FANG or bust for high salaries for tech jobs? Is there no other company that's able to give something as competitive as FANG for developers?
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
I got a job as a full time .NET dev with just an AAS. I’m continuing my BS online now, so I’ve got three questions:

1. Does full time experience help with landing an internship at a much more tech-focused company?
2. Is having full time experience at a small insurance firm more valuable than an internship at Snowflake, Stripe, Block etc.
3. How would you propose to your manager going to an internship over the summer, then coming back to your full time local job? (Assuming you have an offer from Meta, let’s say)

I’m interested to hear your thoughts, I’m sure this is an unusual situation.
I know colleges publish their acceptance rates but is there somewhere that publishes this for companies like Google, Meta, Dropbox, etc?
Seen a lot of posts lately like “I want to stay coding and don’t want to move to lead/management.” I thought I’d offer some thoughts as a decently senior engineer (principal at msft, e6 at meta). 

The first distinction that needs to be made: do you want to “stay” a dev, or do you want to grow as a dev? 

Most companies have a terminal level at which there’s no pressure to continue advancing. At Microsoft and Meta this is labeled “Senior” but probably aligns most to this mindset of staying a SWE: 70% coding, 15% architect/design, 15% people stuff (eg leading a small crew, working with PM, or managing an intern). If you want to stay at this level, this is great! It’s fun, the pay is good, and is likely what you’re really good at after years in the industry.

The problem in my mind is that most people don’t want to stay at this level - they want to continue advancing in their career while still “just being a SWE” (ie primarily coding with less emphasis on people). And I think that’s impossible for 90% of engineers. In order to increase in pay and rank, you need to increase in impact and value to the company. For a manager, that’s easy/clear: create and lead a bigger team. For an engineer, you hit a wall around Senior - there’s a limit to how much output I can sustainably produce by myself. 

Therein lies the secret to most senior+ (principal / staff) engineers: they scale their impact through others. They spend at least 50% of their time creating and evangelizing a vision; getting buy-in from management, engineers, and other orgs; recruiting a crew; mentoring many others; working with managers to create growth plans for their teammates; calibrating engineers; always having a backlog of work; goal setting; planning; the list goes on. If this seems similar to management to you, that’s by design: high level engineers scale impact through people in a similar way to management. You should be able to build a team around a staff engineer. 

There are of course different archetypes to very senior engineers, but I would say 90% of them heavily involve working with people. You might be a rare developer who can just code and scale your impact tremendously but unless you have very niche and deep knowledge, that is the exception to the rule. If you want to grow as a SWE it necessitates growing in leadership, communication, and politics.
Hey! Im still in my Third Year B. Tech Electronics and Telecommunication  


With 2 papers under submission   
\- SIGGRAPH 2023 for the XR Track (It's a Game made in Unity using c# and blender for assets)

\- ASCE 2024 FIU on - Computer Vision ML for close looped Mushroom agriculture in Space and Urban compact setting (Where im working on the paper and the prototype)  


I'd love to go forward in the computer vision x ML x AI x cybersecurity rabbit hole for the next 5-10years and build projects on the side  


But all the internships i can see are for Dev Roles which i am familiar with - MERN Stack - I've previously made fullstack websites for companies as a freelancer but don't wanna pursue exactly that  
I've enjoyed creating games in unity and Face Filters (several face filters approved by and in use by Instagram with one garnering over 12Million impressions )  


I've been wondering what the upside/downside of research scientists at Meta or Google are and whether i should pursue a masters/higher studies in computer vision as most of the Research Scientists usually have Ph.D in some field of the computer vision  


On sites like AngelList i've found companies doing computer vision work but they're usually hiring for Sr. Roles with 150k/- and as a Jr or intern i expect my role to be much more beginner friendly and much lower comp - but i can't find these Computer Vision related intern jobs anywhere  


Any help would be helpful!  

Finally got my first job at this transportation company that seems to be using ADA.

Apparently it’s used for things that need to be super reliable (even NVIDIA uses it), but I don’t know how recruiters will view this experience if their company doesn’t use this language.

After some googling, I noticed that Meta uses Hack and their engineers don’t seem to have issues moving to other companies.
How much are the bonuses of the launch team of threads going to be? Threads has been a very successful launch by most accounts, with easy signups and a current user base of around 70M people. 

How much could the team pull in for their contributions?
Do the Meta Certificates on course era help your resume if you already have a CS degree? Or would it be better to get an AWS certificate? I’m just looking for ways to improve my resume so that I can pass the resume stage.
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Could be faang, meta, ibm, tesla, retail, anything goes.
I’m starting on Friday as a .NET developer at a few-hundred employee financial company that’s been around for a very long time. This is my first full time developer job and I’m really excited for it, I want to learn everything and tackle difficult problems, and write code for a living!

One dilemma though is that this is quite different than the companies that I would want to work for at some point in the future:

1. Meta (Career growth). 
2. Spotify (Would love to work on recommendation algos)  
3. Uber (interesting tech)
4. Startups in some capacity (From Iowa, so difficulties arise)
  
Those companies have different stacks than a basic CRUD dev I believe, and I don’t want to think that this is a black mark. If I excel and really learn as much as I possibly can about software here, is it possible to translate to one of those companies? Or with this being my “young and bright” phase, will I age out of their target hiring demographic?

For context, I’m 20 and have just finished my associates. I have a very well-rounded resume (IT Support/IT Automation, Leadership/Management in non tech roles), I’m a Leetcode monkey and code my personal projects all the time and I don’t want to have it wasted on having a mediocre career.
I have a BSc in Mathematical Physics and an MSc in Applied Mathematics. I don't have a ton of programming experience, but I have a lot of interest and the time to pursue projects on my own to build a portfolio.

Is there a point in even trying, though? I've written programs and made games as hobby projects, plus my research required a fair amount of programming, but is that something that would help at all for getting a CS related job if I don't have any internships or anything like that to point to? I may have 5 years of experience with Python, but that's from doing little hobby projects for fun, not working at Meta or Google. I thought I wanted to go into academia, so the only things I have on my resume are my work as a lab assistant or research assistant, no junior SWE roles or anything like that.

I have a job currently, so I can't just quit and start an unpaid internship for the experience, but I want to know if there's any hope of turning to CS as a backup if I lose my current job. I know that the tech sector has gotten walloped recently, and it seems like everyone has multiple internships at big-name companies to point to.
I recently interviewed at a startup (Imagine an early Tesla) and despite completing a take-home assessment correctly and live coding in the interview I received a rejection.

Looking at their product and what's coming their way in terms of software engineering they would absolutely want engineers from the likes of Tesla, Uber, and maybe Meta where they are experienced with complex rapidly scalable backends and high-ingress data streams.

Now my 2.5 YOE only includes CRUD development and managing a little bit of AWS infrastructure (imagine 2 elastic beanstalk) so I get why they won't go forward with my application.

But this is the kind of impactful work I want to do and if I cannot add a similar company/exp to my profile, how am I ever gonna make it into the disruptive kind of software engineering?
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-06-01/meta-office-workers-to-return-three-days-per-week-this-fall [\(archive\)](https://archive.is/ywSwv)

Another one bites the dust, I guess.

> Meta Platforms Inc. is asking employees assigned to an office to come in three times a week beginning in September, according to people familiar with the matter, joining a clampdown on remote work in the tech industry.

> The move is part of the company’s broader push to work more efficiently, said one of the people, who asked not to be named discussing private company policy. The company just culminated a prolonged process of laying off 10,000 employees — a process which started in March and dragged on productivity.

> Employees who are already remote workers can remain distributed, one of the people said.

> Management has been discussing the idea for some time. Meta Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said in March that an internal analysis showed “engineers earlier in their career perform better on average when they work in-person with teammates at least three days a week.”

> In that public post, Zuckerberg went on to encourage Meta employees to find more chances to work together in person.
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Hey all idk what the point of this post is I guess I just wanted to rant and maybe if you guys have some advice I’d open to hear 

I graduated last year got my BS in CS. After graduating I joined Meta where I worked for 6 months before I got laid off last November.

Since then, I’ve maybe gotten 4 interviews, which I either felt I did well and solved the LC and other questions they had for me, or they asked me some question that was totally unreasonable to answer within 30 mins in an interview (LC Hard but a lot of code required too). Other than that I’ve had like 50 recruiter calls where they call me, ask about my resume and then never contact me again. The worst is when they send you an OA, and you score perfectly but still don’t move forward. Like why did you even waste my time with this shit. I don’t know what to do anymore. There are very few positions for my level of experience. I’ve already applied to them and have been resume rejected. Everything else asks for at least 2+ yoe for “entry level”. I’m not sure what I can do anymore, I’ve posted my resume on here and on blind and people have said things like they were impressed with the work that I have done. 

TLDR: Worked at meta, interned at another FAANG, still don’t get interviews
I've been following this subreddit actively for a few days and something that stands out to me is how common most of the questions are. Sometimes people get a great response, sometimes none at all, but most (90%+) of the time there's been a good answer before.

I realize it's cathartic to get a response from a real human (it's also a lot of fun to answer!), double if they have some authority on the subject, but it kind of begs the question: if you got an AI response, would it be useful to you? Why or why not?
If I’m being truthful, I just need the cash flow to start my 20s. I’m willing to put in the work and although I don’t enjoy it, I’m good at problem solving and I’ve passed all the weed out CS classes. I’m wanting to switch because I decided so late. Atm I don’t aim to work in faang or meta anyways. 

I talked to my friend who does data at NASA. He recommended I just work on good projects I can show to potential employers.
And sorry if this is the wrong sub.
I left my job as a full stack developer in november after my prior company used a sequence of aborted launches to extend crunch hours for a full month and a half. Immediately thereafter Meta, Twitter, Google and all those other companies layed of thousands of their workers. Six months later I'm still out of work, and recruiters are constantly asking me what I've been doing since then.

I've been saying I've been working on my second novel (which is true) but with opprtunities drying up and many companies giving me rejection emails without an interview I'm worried companies are seeing the gap and just throwing my resume in the trash.

Is this the case or is web development as a whole so suitably fucked that I need to switch careers this instant?
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
I know leetcode questions are frowned upon around here, but here me out.

I do not have a CS degree (but I do have a degree! It's a B.S. in Business Administration. A mix of finance, econ, management, marketing, etc). I fucked up the start of my career, went to a predatory boot camp, then signed a contract with a WITCH firm. I've been working at the WITCH company for the last 2 years as a QA engineer doing test automation in Java for a client that doesn't really have brand-name recognition.

My company is about to lay me off because they have no clients. I'm applying like mad, but as everyone knows, the market is shit.

Because of my lack of degree AND lack of actual full-stack/frontend/backend engineering experience, I get immediately thrown out of every job I apply to that isn't QA... **except** for when I can showcase my skills somehow before they look at my profile. I have personal projects that are *actually used* by real people, I have a clean, professional portfolio, I know JavaScript, Java, Python, SQL, React, even some devops stuff -- but I still don't get a chance until I pass a Hackerrank test or submit a take-home project. It's been consistent -- I've been applying for nearly 6 months, I've applied to hundreds and hundreds of postings (if not over a thousand by now), and the ONLY callbacks I've ever gotten have been from companies that either had me submit a take-home project or sent automatic leetcode-style tests to every applicant. I've even had my resume reviewed by a senior technical recruiter who worked at Twitter before Elon bought it and worked at Meta after, and she had no issues with it.

With that being said; is there a list somewhere of companies that give people a chance *before* ATS systems deem them unworthy? 

thanks!
For those laid off experienced SWE's who don't have stellar resumes (no FAANG+ on resume), how do you stay motivated considering that you are now competing with senior engineers from META, Google, Amazon, etc? I have over 3 YOE as a frontend developer and have no interests in joining these big tech companies. But even non-tech F500 jobs are seeing applicants from big tech now. Obviously I can't compete with them technically. The prestigious company name alone on their resume probably gives them a guaranteed interview.

I guess my only "advantage" would be that hiring managers possibly could realise that they are used to being paid much more so they would be a liability in leaving. Anyone else in similar shoes feeling hopeless though at the heightened competition?
https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/19/meta-started-latest-round-of-layoffs-focusing-on-technical-employees.html

It's not just non-technical employees. Software engineers are included.
If people really have this much of beef with LC, there still exists big companies that don't go hard on LC and rather test you more on domain specific or more practical questions.

For example at Apple I got asked a bunch of stuff out of my resume, practical questions around the job including multithreading (which I think is something every SWE should possess to certain extent), systems understanding, and you didn't have to necessarily code out each question but mostly explain. Not saying there wasn't LC but it didn't comprise a whole lot of the interview process which I liked.

Or is it that people are set on working for google and meta?
Real talk, this keeps being talked about as the meta.  How many of you are actually doing it, and what's your experience?
I see some job apps I want to apply for, but I also want a good chance of getting my resume looked at. Should I also be messaging recruiters for the company, saying "I think I would be a really good fit for this role bc of xyz...". Or should I be trying to message alumni that work at that company and say "hey I'm really interested in working here, can you refer me for xyz position?" some detail about what to do would be really appreciated.
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Most jobs in CS require that you have a bachelor's degree in CS or something else to be able to start working. However if you cheated, that kind of means you didn't deserve your degree in the first place, which implies that you don't deserve your job in the first place.

However, I know quite a few people who have committed the sins of academic dishonesty and have never been caught and are doing very well at work. They have even got their jobs by overexaggerating their resumes and somehow are doing just fine.

If these people were exposed, should they lose their jobs? Or is this such a common phenomenon that it would be too irrational for this to happen?

Edit: I asked this question because I felt very much like an imposter in college (I hope you can figure out why). I had a research experience and the professor thought I could handle a lot of shit that I couldn't handle. He was extremely disappointed when he realized I wasn't proficient in stuff like ML and systems programming, so much so that he refused to write me a letter of recommendation. This caused me to go down a rather terrible rabbit hole. The more hard classes I took, the worse I felt and when I heard my friends who interned at Amazon and Meta talk about how stressed out they were, the more I realized I had to focus on learning the material and handling rigor. I could've graduated college but I chose to stay another year because I wanted to fill the gaps in my knowledge so that I feel like if any employer or professor asks me to do something, I would be mentally prepared to do it. 
As an EE, over the < 5 year span of working I have only had a chance to work at HW based companies (no big company yet) as a SW guy and I think I have enjoyed it so much that I started to think about narrowing down my future job search to only HW based companies as well but of late it just struck to me whether that may cause more harm than good.

Since the start, I have enjoyed the aspect of working on a system level be it tinkering with the sensors via a code and being able to control things just fascinated me on so many levels. Not just at the lower level but middleware and application layers are also interesting and may not necessarily require HW/low-level knowledge. I never looked at anything beyond C and C++.  (Now even moreso around C++ being a primary language).

Plus I have found interviews at HW companies to be a bit different where you aren't required to be an LC monkey (subjective = my limited experience). For instance, when I interviewed at Qcom for fun, I got asked about coming up with a high level design for syncing the data coming out of producers with the consumers. It didn't have to be coded out and a pseudocode would and  I loved the idea. And the LC questions were not super complicated either (arrays, linked list, maps, strings). And for interviews at Meta/Google, you'd be expected to have gone through a vast variety of LC patterns. (no hate but I have no interest in understanding how I'd solve Number Of Islands)

As much as I have enjoyed working in HW firms, the majority of the *high-demanding* SW jobs don't seem to fall under this category (from my experience). To put it in a different way, there are a lot more SW based than HW based companies. Big Ns like Google, Meta do have hardware departments but apparently, they are not as valued as someone working purely on the infra ... for the right reasons cause it benefits the company more being SW based.

Has anyone been in my shoes at some point in their career and gone through a similar thought process about your career trajectory given their interests and the successes/failures you've had?
I  was Frontend dev for 6 years back in my country of origin. Worked  pretty laid-back remote jobs in smallish companies in small teams. Then I  decided to change my specialization to iOS. Started learning Swift  before moving to Canada. Then I got into an unpaid remote startup (not  Canadian) and somehow worked there for 2 years and applying to a lot of  places everywhere. Eventually I have burned out in August 2022 and quit -  just couldn’t stand a thought of working for free more than 2 years.  Now it’s almost 3 years of not having a real job or income.

I  guess I’m having a whole mix of problems here - no formal CS education,  a new specialization, no Canadian experience, questionable tiny startup  experience. I’ve been looking for Frontend jobs as well, but no luck,  not a single screening interview so far. I feel like I’m loosing my competency in web, and working in web is something I don’t really like  anymore, so it’s hard to force myself to keep the skills up, make new  projects, learn new tech, and all that on top of mobile domain, which is  my priority.

I recently completed  iOS certificate program taught by Meta. It was huge and it took me 7 months to complete. But I understand that I simply wasted my time and  money pursuing this useless certificate. It won’t help in my situation.

It is not that I was having a good time or relaxed being through all this  frustrating nonsense. I worked hard for nothing, and still working hard.  I have planned, created, modified, got through month of hoops fighting  with AppStore to release the app for that startup for nothing in return.  I completed paid certification for nothing in return other than more  knowledge which now feels unnecessary for some reason. Sometimes I feel  completely broken. I contemplate leaving tech completely every other  week when I get hit by another wall of desperation.

To sum this all up, I'm considering some entry-level QA job as a possible way forward. Is this even a good idea or am I going to hit the same wall again with another bad decision?

Here's my resume, in case you want to have a look or leave some feedback. I will appreciate it:  
[https://imgur.com/a/wDQaG4j](https://imgur.com/a/wDQaG4j)
I personally think that these layoffs are happening because during the COVID-19 pandemic (which lasted for approximately 2.5 years), companies hired a lot of people due to the sudden surge in demand for online services. Imagine the entire world was working online. Now that everything is returning to normal and markets are open, there is a standard demand for software developers, system engineers, and related fields. Therefore, companies are taking this opportunity to lay off either highly paid or poor-performing employees. And, same people are facing issue getting new jobs because they may ask high or same package and those poor preforming employees are struggling with skill set.

I don't know what else could be the reason, as same companies made phenomenal amount of profit in last 2 to 3 years.

Check for example difference between net profit during covid, before covid & after covid. 

1) [Meta](https://www.statista.com/statistics/223289/facebooks-quarterly-net-income/)& 2) [Amazon](https://www.statista.com/statistics/276418/amazons-quarterly-net-income/). 

Please enlighten me if I am wrong I am ready to accept it. Also, please provide your sincere and insightful POV.
All the people here screaming "Tech is fine" have their fingers in their ears. Face it, the sector is facing a crisis approaching the severity of the dot com crash. If you get laid off, you will not be able to find a job in this market. I know L6/L7 engineers from Google and Meta who can't get interviews.
Hey. So I'm a fresh graduate currently living in a third-world country. We have very limited opportunities in this field so I was wondering if anyone knows how to actually land a remote job abroad. (Even if It's for $1000/month, still great money living here). 

I have no actual work experience. Done 2 internships. Took a cloud course on Udacity. Currently taking Meta's Backend Certificate on Coursera. Any ideas? Any personal advice?
Just found out that people sitting together in coding interviews, sharing/casting screens and getting an optimal solution. These people got summer 2023 intern offer from Meta, Amazon etc.

Its so pathetic, we work so hard grinding leetcode and these people STEAL our jobs?

P.S These are international students pursuing MSCS at good university in US
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
**Please note that the issues below have been going on for over a year, so whatever my shortcomings may be, it is not necessarily related to the current economy (which is of course making it 10x worse at present).**

I have a BS in math from a top US school (acceptance rate < 7%), and I have a graduate degree in math from a state university (I have at least one other degree, but I'll leave it at that). I'm trying to pivot into SWE from a different low paying career (a public service career, where I helped a lot of people but after many years have ended up in **very** poor shape financially). I've written a fair amount of code in my graduate math classes (some of them were applied and computational math) and recently completed a full-stack online boot camp. I know I have **much to learn** in the field; I'm just trying to point out that I feel qualified to be taking some first steps into the industry at this point. I have a few questions:

1. **Can anyone point me in the right direction – referrals to companies that are hiring, etc.?** I am based in the US and am open to any kind of software development roles where I can contribute and grow. I have applied to over 100 companies, from FAANG to banks to some I've never heard of. I have not heard back from a single company. No companies have reached out to me on LinkedIn or various other sites (Indeed, Dice, etc.) where I have my resume posted. Ever. This is despite having all my background up there (multiple degrees, full stack skills, etc.) I thought with so much STEM background in such a challenging subject that I'd be getting some offers here and there (whether software or other fields). Nothing for several years now. I read about [some people having to fend off recruiters on the site every day](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/ybnlxe/do_i_really_need_a_linkedin_profile/) (again, while that was before the layoffs, even then I myself was getting nothing). I reached out to LinkedIn’s help center and tried the agent's suggestions (including LinkedIn Premium) but still seem to be getting ignored by literally every company out there. I've used InMail to write recruiters but am ignored. I received an invite from [Hired.com](https://hired.com/) to fill out a profile and did so. Three days later they wrote, "We’re working hard to expand the current openings on our platform, but unfortunately, we weren’t able to find you a match at this time." Registered on [Talent by Blind](https://www.talentbyblind.com/). Nothing. I have tried so many things.
2. **Is there a way to find a mentor for this process?** Or is Reddit the best bet for info and advice? Is cold-messaging [MAMAA](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/10/29/cramer-new-acronym-to-replace-faang-after-facebook-name-change-to-meta.html)/tech employees on LinkedIn productive? I have learned a tremendous amount of information from this sub since discovering it a few months ago. I feel very alone in this pivot and worry that, without guidance, I might keep making the same mistakes over and over.

I thought my background would prove the qualities that OA’s and whiteboarding supposedly do (work ethic, dedication to completing tasks, IQ, logic/reasoning skills, ability to memorize and apply algorithms, etc.) **My attempts at all of the above have been extremely disappointing and lead me to believe that my hard work through over a decade of STEM education isn't relevant.** Society has glorified STEM degrees, and that is why I worked so hard on each of mine (and by "society," I mean the media, universities, math departments, the government...most of the entities we look to for norms, guidance, and support).

One last thing: Please understand that I'm putting so much emphasis on my degrees because I worked especially hard for them. I had to overcome serious personal struggles with my family, grew up without a father, my parents went bankrupt, house evictions, etc. I put myself through each of those degrees without help from anyone by either earning scholarships (undergrad) or working full-time (grad school) to pay for them all myself. These challenges have made me a stronger person, and I believe I have a lot to offer any company that offers the opportunity.

\[Link to resume deleted\]

Thank you for taking time to read this!
I'm not sure where to start.

I got an associates degree several years ago, had some trouble, made multiplayer games on my own but it fell through. In 2020 I had a one month web dev project contract work. I completed it without trouble and on good terms, but that was it. I was going to move for a job, but the pandemic didn't do me any favors.

Last year I did the 100 days of code challenge, I made a portfolio, applied to about 100 positions but didn't land anything. After about 50 applications I stopped even getting interviews.

I focused on React, Vue, Node, Next.js, made a portfolio .

The local market, Knoxville, is a "Microsoft Town" as described by several people, they use C# and asp .net with demand for mid and senior developers. This year the tech conference Codestock is even cancelled. So there isn't even much opportunity to network. There are government jobs in Oak Ridge, but realistically they are for recent grads with high GPAs. It's been a few years for me.

So I'm kind of here without local connections, I hear about the big company layoffs such as Amazon, Meta, etc.. I don't know why anyone should hire me with those guys to compete with. It's not that I could never do what they are doing, it's that they have image I don't to hiring managers. I could develop niche stuff with time, but I don't have connections.

I might go to a site like weworkremotely, but it might have 300 applications for a dev job or more, then mine.. I don't think they would pick me.

I'm still working on gamedev projects on the side, and I think I can get them profitable, I've been going at it so long. I interviewed with a CEO of a startup I think I could do everything he is doing. But I hate taking risk when it can all crash and burn.. I'm trying to just leave this to weekends / evenings.

I want to use my skills to get a webdev job. I could work remote, and I could move, sure. But remote work is saturated. I don't have savings to move. I mean, I guess I could save to move, go work any job 3-4 months. But even still, how would I even find someone interested?

On a day to day bases the past few weeks I find myself drifting more. I kind of don't want to apply because I feel like I'm screwed competing with all the layoffs. I go to the dev meetups, and it's gotten to the point it's not even helpful, anyone tried to be helpful I don't have experience mid-level and such, or know me as the gamedev guy, and again, the local conference is even cancelled.

I'm not lazy, I even feel impulsive about it, I want to do something. But what?

&#x200B;

tl;dr How do I land an entry level role? I've been too eccentric, what's the day to day process like? What should I do, or how?
Hi all. I (38M) decided to start studying to try to get into IT and out of a current dead end job due to how tough the current economic situation in the US is. I've started on the self-study path through HTML & CSS into Javascript with plans to either hit a bootcamp or a training-to-hire company as well since I don't have a CS degree and can't afford to go back to college right now (I have a pretty useless BS, but I did get my CCNA). Coding seems pretty interesting and I really like learning more about it... but how worried about the current job market should I be?

I see news about the layoffs over the past couple of years and this recent Meta news has me really nervous. I have an upcoming interview very soon for a training-to-hire job with relocation involved... but now I'm not sure with all this 'efficiency / trimming' going on. My current job doesn't pay much, but it is very stable and I have a LOT of downtime that I've been using to study.

So... how bad are things right now? Are they about to get worse? Would it be smarter to break in if I have a chance right away or keep my head down and study more until things stabilize?
I see a lot of people cheer about having less managers from the meta news lately. Coming from a company with a relatively flat structure I saw a couple potential issues that 1) the management/cross team work didn't necessarily reduce, so senior engineers be come de facto managers without a title or sometimes become free for all to who ever have the balls to boss people around and 2) promotions are limited because high ups say it requires one to take up "management responsibility" and cross team work to have visible achievement. but then there is no manager/promotion positions available and people leave.

Just curious is it because the software field generally can have great achievements by individuals without a large supporting structure and collaboration? Or is it that in this field TC is not tied to role and any individual contributors can keep climbing in comp and influence without a ceiling? In my field a big achievement normally come from effort of 5-6 different teams/expertise and sometimes it just needs someone with a manager authority to pull it all together without being swarmed by lower level tasks.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2023/02/22/meta-layoffs/

Facebook parent company Meta is preparing for a fresh round of job cuts, deputizing human resources, lawyers, financial experts and top executives to draw up plans to deflate the company’s hierarchy, in a reorganization and downsizing effort that could affect thousands of workers.

Meta plans to push some leaders into lower-level roles without direct reports, flattening the layers of management between Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg and the company’s interns, according to a person familiar with the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on about internal matters. Other managers may end up overseeing a higher number of employees as their teams grow bigger. Some inside Meta expect employees whose jobs have been converted to eventually quit, trimming the company’s workforce by default.
In addition to targeting managers, the company is also considering more traditional cuts, including slashing some projects and jobs, the person said. These efforts, which are targeted at divisions across the company and around the world, may not happen on a single day, but will likely roll out across the company in the coming months.

The job eliminations arrive after Zuckerberg sought to reassure workers that he didn’t “anticipate more layoffs” after the company slashed 11,000 jobs — roughly 13 percent of its workforce — in November. At the time, Zuckerberg told remaining employees the company had made a substantial cut to “minimize the chance of having to do broad layoffs like this for the foreseeable future,” according to a recording of the companywide meeting reviewed by The Washington Post.

“I obviously can’t sit here and promise you that nothing will happen in the future because it’s a very volatile environment,” he added. “But what I can say is that for where we are right now, that’s was I foresee.”

But earlier this month, Zuckerberg proclaimed 2023 the “year of efficiency,” promising investors he would trim middle management and speed up the company’s decision-making, hinting at the possibility of more cuts.

Meta spokesman Dave Arnold declined to comment but directed The Washington Post to previous public comments from Zuckerberg in which he said the company needed to become more efficient.

“We closed last year with some difficult layoffs and restructuring some teams,” Zuckerberg told investors earlier this month. “When we did this, I said clearly that this was the beginning of our focus on efficiency and not the end.”
Like I’m Tesla /Meta are going to overwork there interns this summer
Hello everyone, student here. I am curious about what it traditionally takes (what courses I should have taken, what skills I should have, etc) to get an internship for next year. I will be mid-junior by then and want to know if internships are generally remote or I have to move for them or if employers provide temp housing or how that works. I have also heard of CS students having to leave their campus apartments for the summer semester to intern so I have to decide to renew my lease for a calendar year or academic year. Is there an internship meta guide somewhere here?
Just curious - with all the talk about meta and coinbase I was wondering how common it actually is when a company does layoffs for offers to be rescinded especially ones that start later like new grads. Is it usually done when a company is doing that terribly?
Hi all,

I am new to the field and this subreddit. I have a phd degree in a social science field related to psychology and management. Many years ago I learned Python for basic tasks and since then have been gradually attracted to deep learning and natural language processing while being disillusioned with overblown theories and lack of rigor in the social sciences.   
I last fall have started an online master's in CS. Then I found that a few companies (e.g. Meta) have job positions called People Scientist and recruited social-science phds with some analytical abilities. I think I could be a great fit. But these types of jobs seem to be so rare. 

1. Does anyone know any info about people scientists either in your firm or in general? I think the emphasis for these jobs should be on ML, not HR, but last time I checked the people scientists at Meta, they are just social-science phds with no programming/CS backgrounds. People scientists might be just a fancy trendy name for HR analysts although their job requirements say applicants should do the programming like ML and NLP.  
2. I think I should be preparing for jobs more broadly to get an entry-level position as MLE, DS, or SWE and then aim for such jobs later. What do you think? If you have any suggestions, I would appreciate it.
I got a call this morning from a recruiter who offered me a position and there are some things that raised my eyebrows:

1. They sent me an email asking for my resume, I don't know where they found me that they don't even have my resume. Later they asked my dob/address.
2. The email states that they are looking for a great \[Full stack/cloud/data\] hire like me. It seems like its a template and the recruiter was supposed to just pick out 1 out of 3 but forgot. I don't have experience in all 3.
3. Pay seems a bit too good and they didn't try to negotiate.

They also said that META is their contractor so my resume is being sent to them.

 I am a bit confused about this whole thing, has anyone had similar experience? Does this seem legit to you?
This thread is for discussion about the culture and rules of this subreddit, both for regular users and mods. Praise and complain to your heart's content, but try to keep complaints productive-ish; diatribes with no apparent point or solution may be better suited for the weekly rant thread.
        
You can still make 'meta' posts in existing threads where it's relevant to the topic, in dedicated threads if you feel strongly enough about something, or by PMing the mods. This is just a space for focusing on these issues where they can be discussed in the open.
        
This thread is posted **on the first day of every month**. Previous Monthly Meta-Threads can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=Monthly+Meta-Thread&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all).
Hey everybody

I’ve recently accepted an offer at a FAANG this summer. I was wondering if meta or other companies have specifically fall offers so I would be able to put this internship on my resume before I apply.

If this isn’t possible, should I list the internship on my resume and apply for the summer offer instead??


Thanks in advance for your help
[https://www.nytimes.com/2022/12/29/business/silicon-valley-tech-talent-mainstream-industries.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/12/29/business/silicon-valley-tech-talent-mainstream-industries.html)

In a reordering of the market for tech workers, more technology professionals are looking beyond the well-known Big Tech employers to companies in many other industries that increasingly offer challenging opportunities.

Dispersing talent beyond the major tech companies, some analysts say, should be welcomed. “If this transition redeploys skilled tech workers to other sectors of the economy, that may very well be a healthy development,” said Tim Herbert, chief research officer at CompTIA, a technology education and research organization.

The trend had been underway before, according to recruiters and labor analysts. But the employment reset in the tech industry, they say, is accelerating the shift. Alphabet, Amazon and Meta aren’t hiring? Well, JPMorgan Chase, Walmart and UnitedHealth are in need of tech talent.

For the first time since the dot-com bubble burst two decades ago, the tech industry is at the forefront of an economic downturn.

After frenzied growth and hiring during the worst of the pandemic, the tech sector is going in reverse. Growth has fallen, and stock prices have plummeted. Layoffs, hiring freezes and recruiting slowdowns are the order of the day at a lengthening list of well-known tech companies including Meta, Twitter, Alphabet, Amazon, DoorDash, Lyft, Snap and Stripe, as well as at venture-backed start-ups.

Today, a majority of tech jobs are at companies outside the tech sector in industries like banking, retail, health care and manufacturing whose operations are increasingly becoming digital. These mainstream companies, unlike their Silicon Valley counterparts, did not go on manic hiring sprees during the pandemic. But they continue to invest in tech skills.

“Nearly every company is going through this — they need tech talent,” said Lori Beer, global chief information officer at JPMorgan.
I can't help but feel that Microsoft, Google, Twitter, and meta laying off like 10k people each isn't really representative of the entire industry, but just these massively underperforming moonshot teams going away. Is that just optimism or is that reality?

Twitter is obviously an outlier. Meta is ditching people from the horizons team because it's DOA. Etc.

Also we don't know if the people being laid off from Microsoft and Google are programmers. Those companies have thousands of administrative people, artists, accountants etc. 

How is the real software engineering world doing. Is now a bad time to change jobs if I have a stable position?
Don't be discouraged if you are having a hard time getting a job as a tech worker right now. And if you do have a job, cherish it.

Why you may ask? Just look at all the new people from well-known companies that you are competing against for a job:

Snap & Shopify: 1,000,
Robinhood & Stripe: 1,100,
Coinbase: 2,000,
Twitter: 3,700,
Tesla: 6,000,
Salesforce: 7,000,
Microsoft: 10,000,
Meta: 11,000,
Google: 12,000,
Amazon: 18,000

(Plus more I'm probably missing)

Most companies are already cutting back in hiring, and those who are still hiring have all these incredible talents in the pool that were laid off. Not to mention all those who have started bootcamps due to tiktok and social media overselling the simplicity of landing a tech job with 6 figures. 

Also its grind season currently in college. A lot of new grads are looking that are looking for a job around this time of year.

Tl;Dr. It's incredibly competitive right now.



Edit: okay I get it its not the hardest time ever, I can't edit the title, but if I couldn't I would add "in recent times" in there. I am just trying to point out that there is a lot of additional competition right now. Good luck with your job searches!
What is the % acceptance rate. Also does everyone receive the OA?
Got pondering a bit today about what's expected of people trying to get hired in software.

<rant>    
Unless you're already established with quite a few YOE under your belt or working on some legacy tech, people trying to get hired are expected to be coding outside of their work slaving away on open source projects with broccoli looking ass github histories and preparing for coding interviews. The meta also changes every few years so you need to keep on top of whatever NEW SHINY FRAMEWORK™ that's trendy.    


You learn the principles of Mech E at school, do some projects, get experience from assignments and that's it. You learn the principles of Electrical Engineering, get experience from assignments and that's it. I don't think people hiring for those positions expect you to have built a car or to have created your own circuits at home.</rant>

Am I just biased cause I haven't experienced the other fields first hand or am I right in that CS as a whole actually has worse off WLB?





Now its not just cringe lunatic posts from your connections that you’ll see in your feed, linkedin will now show you unrelated nonsense on your feed. They’re no longer a business social platform!




Some meta level sh*t going on here, and it beats everything I have ever seen on any social media, let alone LinkedIn. What’s wrong with people! 🤷🏽‍♀️
With that kind of post you would think she ran the place. She just gets to bring coffee and setup meetings.












Came across a post (1st picture) about a layoff (from an unnamed company) but looked an exact copy of another post (2nd picture) I read a few days ago.

[Copy](https://preview.redd.it/23d06sojjkka1.png?width=543&format=png&auto=webp&s=d997f5494fc333e63fe6e9ee4aeb10ab1f5b5c66)

[Original post](https://preview.redd.it/3wfvfpmljkka1.png?width=531&format=png&auto=webp&s=c4b816a795ffd34a270281cfcd37acedd2dfeaa8)




Seems like you’re insecure about your current job. Makes my eyes roll to the back of my head. Imagine listing your exes on your dating profile.








&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/8v6lp2q5wh4a1.png?width=866&format=png&auto=webp&s=a8f7c354611b80f3476dc26275f867a29f03c5f3
I too am asked by UPS customers if I worked at Meta. I love putting stickers on company electronics too.






























&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/z5ca69r8b3r91.png?width=688&format=png&auto=webp&s=1380a615dc1e204930fa94ab5f49f2404376bed3



Hi guys,

I joined this sub recently and i agree with all that is being posted here.

However i think LinkedIn is very useful tool especially to connect with recruiters in tech and tbh it's now become the only way to connect with recruiters and send them resumes directly because job applications on company website go into "blackholes" of ATS (application tracking system) where they're auto rejected for not having certain keywords matching the job description.

The problem with LI is the Fb (Meta) type wall feature that they've developed where if someone in your network likes or comments on it, you see on your wall too as soon as you open the damn app.
This was one of the reasons I've migrated from fb too but this problem of LI is much bigger because people are sharing completly fake stories just to "engage".

So i was wondering:

If we can collaborate and develop a platform where we connect candidates with company recruiters via text messaging/email and have profile info for each user but doesn't have a wall. 

Or does such a platform already exist?

It would be great to discuss here!

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/n17v7wglirz71.png?width=674&format=png&auto=webp&s=07223651fd59c971081c6187c8bfd47218bedb2f
So, for context, I went from two hundred and something connections down to the 90s, pruning literally everyone I don't actually know. Now I've had a bunch of notifications that people are viewing my profile, and the little icon previews (I'm not paying for LinkedIn Gold or whatever it's called, lmao) show some of the same faces I just purged. 

Does LinkedIn actually notify people when you delete a connection?! Or, are some of these people using extensions to track unfollows?

https://www.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/17wkx2e/do_you_turn_your_cameras_on/

There isn't even an explanation?

I totally understand a lot of people are going to disagree with each other on that subject, which makes it an important discussion to have.

Edit: So now that [you added this](https://www.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/17wkx2e/do_you_turn_your_cameras_on/k9if8yt/); how is this "low effort" or "venting"? It was a completely normal and sincere question someone asked, and it attracted a ton of comments.
Asking for general career advice is against the posted subreddit rules. I try to report these as I find them but the mods certainly need our help to keep the subreddit focused and useful. 

Please, let's try and keep this community on topic and useful for it's intended purposes. There are other subreddits focused on career advice. This one isn't.
There’s a sibling thread where OP asks where all esoteric or deeply technical articles have gone.

So the point of this thread is to discuss whether such articles/posts would be allowed here provided they are of sufficient quality and depth that they are worth the time of this audience.

r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/17caz42/



Edit:
Let's see how this goes: r/ExperiencedDevsRead
We've reached a subscriber level where everything is now becoming a circlejerk of what is "right" and "wrong" and there is no room for nuance anymore. It's been going on for a while now, and I wanted to comment on this for a while, but the latest example shows *exactly* what is happening here, this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/1758ycb/new_senior_dev_and_i_feel_like_hes_severely/

OP deleted their post because everyone turned against them for even daring to suggest that a new hire was completely underperforming. 

It's something a lot of us, especially in lead or engineering manager roles have to deal with. How do we handle a bad hire. These are WAY more interesting and hard-hitting topics than yet another dumb question that should be posted on the large sub. But this sub has now grown so large that anything that's not kindergarten-level black and wide just gets people to either 'side' with OP or 'side' with whoever they are talking about.

Even the mere *suggestion* that a developer might be underperforming to an extent that it affects the entire team (and thus at the very least your career prospects) is met with downvotes and hostility. 

I mean if you prefer trite subjects such as "where do I find freelance projects" or "how do I negotiate a contract" by all means, but I don't feel those questions benefit anyone other than OP. It sucks that people with *actual* interesting questions get chased off because we have a ton of people who's anxious about being the "bad developer" here. 

Overall the last months the whole atmosphere in this sub has taken a turn for the worse drastically. Not just with the black and white reasoning, but also in the amount of people that just flat out attack the person instead of the opinion. I'm adding roughly 3 people *per day* to my blocklist now. 

In a lot of ways the behavior of a lot of commenters here is *worse* than on the beginner subreddits, and it's sucking all of the fun out of having discussions with peers.

Edit, a good point was asked, so what is actionable? In my opinion if we have a group that is large enough that:

* Reminds the overall subreddit the world isn't black and white
* Reminds commenters to debate the opinion, not attack the person
* Upvotes good content even if they disagree
* Reminds others to do the same
* Asks questions instead of jumping to conclusions

We can't really look at just the mods to 'fix' it, this community is us.
I was mostly going in blind with my career and lacking guidance from my beginnings as a SWE in 2007 to 2016 and I honestly learned more in 1 year from career advice subs like this one, than I did from talking and working with professionals in those 9 years. Also keep in mind I was self-taught, graduating with a non-CS degree.

Here are some following things I did not know about before joining subreddits for tech professionals:

Don't always take the first offer you get, try to get two or more and use that to decide the best

Smaller companies don't mean easier to work in

Just because your company builds websites for clients does not mean you're at a tech company

Interview skills are different from job skills, so practice interview on a regular basis (as time permits)

Don't assume your places of work meet standards for good engineering practices just because their practices share many similar patterns

If you don't look around to see what average SWE salaries are, it's possible to keep increasing your pay but still be paid below average

Don't leave a job before getting another one

They may sound like common sense to you, but I was living in a career bubble for most of my years. Reading online advice on what to do and not do in your tech career has been very eye opening and I would've committed fewer mistakes if I had learned these things very early on. So have you also been so lost for most of your early years, that you needed to find the right online communities in order to wise up?
I guess I subscribed to new posts in this sub yet multiple times a day when I open them I get “sorry this content is no longer available”. Is the sub being moderated to death? Surely that many posts don’t violate the rules, and even if they did, it seems like moderation and application rules is very inconsistent.
I have 9 years of development experience in web and mobile domains. While I wouldn't claim to be exceptionally skilled or possess a natural engineering mind, I worked hard to pursue this career. I'm self-taught and have a degree from a different field. I've been able to live off my experience back in my home country, where my work involved a mix of remote freelance and full-time positions. My primary focus was on UI development using technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Angular.

At a certain point, right before moving to Canada, I made a decision to change my career to iOS development. I quit my job and jumped into learning mobile development. It was right when pandemic started, so I got plenty of time to learn. I completed several online courses, where the most significant was iOS Developer certificate from Meta which took me 6 months to complete. I built dozens of projects, including working for a startup where I invested 2 years of effort to design, develop, and launch a social media app.

Since I moved to Canada, I have never been able to land any tech interview for web and mobile positions. There were some initial screening calls, where I kept hearing that their company is looking for exceptional and very experienced professionals. I couldn't get any freelance gigs either, even tried to compete with thousands of devs from all over the world for very small rates. I never thought that working hard and literally having a real experience means absolutely nothing in terms of employment. I never thought that I couldn't earn a single dollar after being in tech for almost a decade.

This is an absolutely astounding situation for people like me. I have never aspired to become a prodigy who lives to solve hard LC algorithms every day before breakfast, lunch and dinner, but it seems like the companies only want that kind of people.

I don't want to have $200k salary. What I think is fair is a simple opportunity for people with experience to be able to get a tech job, even for $2\\hr. To have some security or feeling that they are needed instead of having a constant pressure to perform better than the competition, or worse, thinking that they are stuck in a dead end situation after many years of hard work on their craft.
I just had an interview and my first live coding assessment ever in my 20+ year development career...and utterly bombed it. I almost immediately recognized it as a dependency graph problem, something I would normally just solve by using a library and move along to writing integration and business logic. As a developer, the less code you write the better.

I definitely prepared for the interview: brushing up on advanced meta-programming techniques, framework gotchas, and performance and caching considerations in production applications. The nature of the assessment took me entirely by surprise.

Honestly, I am not sure what to think. It's obvious that managers need to screen for candidates that can break down problems and solve them. However the problems I solve have always been at a MUCH higher level of abstraction and creating low-level algorithms like these has been incredibly rare in my own experience. The last and only time I have ever written a depth-first search was in college nearly 25 years ago.

I've never bothered doing LeetCode or ProjectEuler problems. Honestly, it felt like a waste of time when I could otherwise be learning how to use new frameworks and services to solve real problems. Yeah, I am weak on basic algorithms, but that has never been an issue or roadblock until today.

Maybe I'm not a "real" programmer, even though I have been writing applications for real people from conception to release for my entire adult life. It's frustrating and humbling that I will likely be passed over for this position in preference of someone with much less experience but better low-level skills.

I guess the moral of the story is to keep fresh on the basics, even if you never use them.
Online company reviews are high stakes.

Top reviews on sites like Glassdoor and Google can get thousands of impressions each month and are major drivers of brand perception.

Employers know this. And when I come across multiple 5 star reviews left with no cons, or a Pulitzer worthy essay from a former intern, I become suspicious.

These reviews start to resemble 30 under 30 lists: so artificially constructed that you begin to question their credibility in the first place.

The scrutiny around company reviews is well documented; some companies file lawsuits worth over a million dollars to reveal anonymous reviewers that complain about their jobs.

Whilst it's the flashy lawsuits that make the headlines, there also exists an underground economy of company reviews operating quietly every single day.

In this underground economy, some companies pay over $150 to freelancers to try and get a negative review removed. If they want “better” results, they go to the plethora of Online Reputation Management services (ORMs) in the United States that can charge retainers worth thousands of dollars.

The supply of positive reviews exists too. My research led me to find companies, including a prominent Y-Combinator backed startup, that solicit fake positive reviews from online freelancers to improve their rating.

Many of these mercenary fake reviewers, often based in South East Asia, make a full time living doing this, netting over $2,000 per month.

Some of these run such sophisticated operations that they’ve even created their own pricing tiers (e.g $35 per original review, $20 to post an already created review from an email address), a la SaaS offering.

Others operate on a contingency fee agreement model, where they only get paid if they’re able to take a negative review down.

The underground economy of company reviews is well and truly alive. And today we’re going to find out how it operates.

***Note***: For more content like this, [*subscribe*](https://www.careerfair.io/subscribe) *to my newsletter. In a couple of weeks, I'll be releasing my guide to writing a killer resume.*

**Adding reviews**

The barriers to entry for adding fake reviews are much lower than for getting reviews removed, so that’s where we’ll start.

To write an employer review, all you really need is the ability to create an email address. For most sites, you don’t need any proof of employment (say like a company specific email address).

I went on a gig marketplace site and posted a pretty vague post related to wanting to find out more on how to improve a company’s online presence.

Within minutes of posting a gig, my inbox was flooded with proposals:

https://preview.redd.it/tj6462grpe0b1.png?width=3064&format=png&auto=webp&s=b10eef64f3fdc9d1a23168a62637d7e366ed0d1b

After a bit of chatting, I narrowed the scope of their services and summarized their rates into the table below:

|Channel|Cost|Timeline|Model|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|Freelancer #1|$10 per review|Monthly|Unlimited|
|Freelancer #2|$35 per original review, $20 per already created review|Monthly|Unlimited|
|Freelancer #3|$25 per review|Monthly|Unlimited|
|Freelancer #4|$25 per review|Monthly|10 reviews|
|Freelancer #5|$20 per review|Monthly|Unlimited|
|Online Reputation Management Agency|$300 subscription|Monthly|8 reviews|

Let’s dive a bit deeper into the services that Freelancer #5 offered.

Freelancer #5 explained to me he had been writing reviews for one particular company for the past 4 months now. Each month he wrote them 10 reviews.

https://preview.redd.it/t2j8ihqfqe0b1.png?width=2684&format=png&auto=webp&s=e94a7cbb76598faaac0036f273b1c09a64c56121

In another message, he tells me he’s offering the same services to 5 other companies. Doing some quick math:

5 companies x 10 reviews per company x $25 per review = $1,250 per month

Considering the average person in Pakistan earns $150 per month, that’s not bad change at all.

One of the companies that he’s offering his services to includes a Y-Combinator backed startup. I won’t name the company, but here’s what its average Glassdoor review rating distribution looks like:

https://preview.redd.it/c7bq8nqhqe0b1.png?width=2420&format=png&auto=webp&s=1f323f06b9305d8781cbb86b897bdc47249fe0cb

5 star reviews account for over 77% of the company’s total reviews. Obviously, no one is buying fake reviews that make them look bad.

But here’s the thing: freelancers are getting quite smart when it comes to writing reviews that don’t look too fishy. They tend to do this by spacing the reviews out (so that they don’t come in “spikes” – more on this later) and they also make sure that they’re not always leaving the “cons” section blank.

Don’t get me wrong, if you come across this company’s reviews, it’d be pretty easy to tell they’re quite strange. In fact, I can’t even post some screenshots here because it’d give the company away immediately.

But it would be challenging to conclude that the above company is buying reviews just by analyzing review volume and distribution without actually reading some of the reviews.

The same company is also buying reviews on Google Reviews.

*Sidenote*: I got curious about how he’s been writing 50 reviews from 50 different emails per month. Would he actually create 50 different email addresses? And what about the IP address – doesn’t Glassdoor flag multiple reviews from the same IP?

One of the freelancers answered my question:

https://preview.redd.it/tu98uzkjqe0b1.png?width=2572&format=png&auto=webp&s=b249cc2e3f463c7864a27e70d95f95ff71859bf9

Moving on – another company that seems to buy fake reviews seems to be having some more trouble. Approximately a month after a freelancer linked me to fake reviews he had written for this company, all five reviews that he had linked me to had been removed:

https://preview.redd.it/tf36r8clqe0b1.png?width=3116&format=png&auto=webp&s=6c62524c5219120a74ee6fb33f8a63c9b0e8b74f

Based on this [Glassdoor webinar](https://youtu.be/3iy0JWOS1gs) from 2018, “if it is found that a user has created multiple email accounts to submit reviews, then ALL submissions from that user are deleted” – so likely Glassdoor’s content moderation team flagged one of the initial reviews and the same freelancer who was writing reviews for that company had all the fake reviews deleted.

So far, it looks like the key to an effective fake review creation strategy lies in:

* Spacing the fake reviews out
* Writing each review from a different IP address (i.e benefit of being part of a team)
* Using language that isn’t an obvious giveaway

On that third point: the reality is that many of these freelancers’ first language is not English.

As an experiment, I turned to everybody’s favorite new toy, ChatGPT, and asked it to write me a positive Glassdoor review:

https://preview.redd.it/8on2901nqe0b1.png?width=3164&format=png&auto=webp&s=b34873d55f4d6725756feddb82774cefdf4c1e95

And I’d say that the above answer was better than 95% of the fake reviews I came across.

**Removing reviews**

The process for removing an employer review usually works like this:

1. You identify one or multiple reviews that you want removed
2. You verify whether the review violates the site's Guidelines, or whether there’s something else about the review(s) that could get it removed.
3. You file an appeal to get it removed.

As an example, Glassdoor’s Review guidelines can be found [here](https://help.glassdoor.com/s/article/Community-Guidelines?language=en_US#:~:text=See%20More-,Review%C2%A0Guidelines,-Millions%20of%20job). Mainly, they forbid mentioning anyone by name who’s not an executive and revealing proprietary or confidential information, amongst a host of other things.

Sounds simple enough right? Well, according to one of the freelancers I messaged:

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/56rvj8voqe0b1.png?width=2036&format=png&auto=webp&s=74a5b81f541a58758ff1b791f4fda9a6f6109b28

After some research, I summarized the different vendors and prices in the table below:

&#x200B;

|Channel|Cost|Timeline|Model|Self reported success rate|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|Freelancer #1|$100 per review|3 days|Contingency Agreement Model|100%|
|Freelancer #2|$30 per review|7 days|Contingency Agreement Model|100%|
|Reputation management service #2|$450 per review|21 business days|Contingency Agreement Model|Unknown|
|Reputation management service #3|$1000 per review|Undefined|Contingency Agreement Model|100%|
|Reputation management service #4 Plan 1|$550 per review|5-6 Weeks|Contingency Agreement Model|50-75%|
|Reputation management service #4 Plan 2|$300 Subscription + $100 per each review removed|Monthly service|Subscription plan|50-75%|
|Freelancer #3|$20 per review|Undefined|Pay regardless|Undefined|
|Freelancer #4|$500 per review|Undefined|Contingency Agreement Model|Undefined|

As you can see, unlike the fake review generation market, the prices vary quite a bit for getting reviews removed.

At one end, you have freelancers on gig marketplaces that will attempt to remove a review for less than $100. And then on the other end, you have ORMs (Online Reputation Management Agencies) that have multiple employees and more comprehensive packages in place. The one constant seems to be that most companies operate on a contingency agreement model (i.e pay only if review gets removed).

**Analyzing reviews**

ReviewMeta is a site that analyzes Amazon reviews and tells you how many are legitimate. The creator of the site, Tommy Noonan, mentions in an [interview with NPR](https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2018/06/27/623990036/episode-850-the-fake-review-hunter) that the main giveaway that a product is soliciting fake reviews is:

* A large, suspicious flood of positive reviews at the exact same time. For example, a 3 day stretch of time constituting 30% of total reviews.
* Phrases and words that are constantly repeated, especially in the section with no cons
* Brand monogamists (only review products from one company)

Whilst the last two bullets are hard to track, the first can be used to analyze different companies’ reviews and to check if there might be some funky business going on.

After a couple of days, I have the ability to track review volume and review ratings over time for any company that I specify:

https://preview.redd.it/eknwjoxese0b1.png?width=1653&format=png&auto=webp&s=6bcb0851ed0e9c46f003ba1a2db9adf4e7f2ecae

Let the games begin.

**Voluntary Response Bias**

One of the biggest challenges that review platforms face is the Voluntary Response bias.

Research shows many of today’s most popular online review platforms (e.g Amazon) have a distribution of opinion that is highly polarized, with many extreme positive and/or negative reviews, and few moderate opinions.

Think about it: have you ever felt moderately satisfied at your job and thought to yourself, now would be a great time to leave a Glassdoor review? Probably not.

On the other hand, if you’ve had a terrible experience or even just had one thing really flip you off, you might be quite likely to leave an angry review.

Consider when a company goes through layoffs. You’re going to have a flood of angry reviews coming your way and are likely going to experience a “spike” in reviews.

**Note:** Just like the Wall Street Journal’s methodology described [here](https://archive.is/20201016094732/https://www.wsj.com/articles/companies-manipulate-glassdoor-by-inflating-rankings-and-pressuring-employees-11548171977#selection-3965.0-3968.0), I considered there to be a spike if the total number of reviews in the month was greater than three standard deviations above the mean of the surrounding months.

Let’s take the company below. Here’s a graph of of their review volume since Jan 2020, including when they announced one of their first round of layoffs in June 2022:

https://preview.redd.it/uqbfm3ugse0b1.png?width=3216&format=png&auto=webp&s=5aa04783c11d533775529f9b6cfb6726b141586f

In June 2022, approximately 19% of this company's 52 reviews were 1 star reviews (compared to an overall average of around 10%). This is what we could call a statistically significant spike in reviews. It also illustrates how the employees most likely to leave reviews are the ones that obviously had a bad experience (i.e getting laid off).

Here’s another company that had a similar spike in negative reviews due to layoffs in November 2022:

https://preview.redd.it/6oo2ipfise0b1.png?width=2408&format=png&auto=webp&s=4f48aad5063648b39652c9d5243236f2bedb594f

This company had an approximate 20% 1 star review rate (compared to an overall average of 12%) in November 2022, as well as an Avg Rating of 2.96 that month (compared to an overall average rating of 3.73).Unless HR is proactive, their reviews page risks succumbing to an echochamber of negative reviews that can really tilt one way.

**Note:** Glassdoor does state (based on [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iy0JWOS1gs) from 2017) that about 75% of the reviews on their platform are neutral. Their “give to get policy” has helped in keeping the platform from becoming too polarized.

I can understand why HR teams, like the ones that Nader talked to me about earlier, take a proactive stance towards managing their reviews. If they don’t try to control their reputation themselves, then their reputation risks getting controlled by the employees that had the worst possible experience.

**Goodhart’s Law**

Goodhart’s law states the following:

*"When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure"*

Every October, Glassdoor publishes their Best Places To Work ranking.

In a [report](https://www.wsj.com/articles/companies-manipulate-glassdoor-by-inflating-rankings-and-pressuring-employees-11548171977) that the WSJ did a couple of years ago, they found large spikes in the number of reviews that some companies (e.g SpaceX, Bain & Co, etc) got in September. The logic here is that some companies try to artificially inflate their Glassdoor reviews right before the October deadline.

I decided to revisit some of this analysis with Glassdoor’s 2023 Best Places To Work Ranking.

One of the companies I examined is rated as one of the best places to work in 2023. Let’s refer to this company as FunPlaceToWork.

Here is how their review volume looks like for all of 2022:

https://preview.redd.it/a9bktnhlse0b1.png?width=2516&format=png&auto=webp&s=99af1d5a68c799e274a6daf3723ff2230cc69825

FunPlaceToWork got around 50 reviews in September 2022. Of those 50 reviews, 96% were 5 star reviews.

FunPlaceToWork averaged 12 reviews per month up till then in 2022. Also, in the prior six months, the average percent of 5 star reviews received every month was \~75%.

Both the spike in volume of reviews and the spike in percentage of five star reviews are statistically significant.

I find it strange that Glassdoor’s proprietary algorithm and/or Human Content Moderation team did not find a spike of this nature unusual. If we look at Glassdoor’s eligibility criteria for the award, it’s as follows:

https://preview.redd.it/4j779c0nse0b1.png?width=2868&format=png&auto=webp&s=6686f282508375d041befef298a0594f9460eeb8

The goal, according to Glassdoor, is to collect “authentic and unbiased reviews”.

Whilst there’s nothing against the rules for asking your employees to leave you reviews, I find the statistically significant spike of reviews at odds with the goal of collecting "unbiased and authentic" reviews (which Glassdoor states is the purpose of the awards).

Glassdoor states that an employer is allowed to ask its employees to leave reviews, but that they are not allowed to “coerce” them. Examples of what you can’t do:

* Offer incentives like Gift Cards in exchange for positive reviews.
* Withholding their reference letter unless they leave you a positive review.
* Anything that leads you to require proof for the employee to show you that they wrote a review.

It is possible to play by the rules (i.e not break any of the above rules) and to still in my opinion not collect authentic and unbiased reviews.

They say that you shouldn’t hate the player but the game – I think **FunPlaceToWork** played by the rules, won fair and square, and that this is simply a perfect example of Goodhart’s Law.

I reached out to Glassdoor ([awards@glassdoor.com](mailto:awards@glassdoor.com)) about the above and this is the reply I got:

https://preview.redd.it/5019eexose0b1.png?width=4800&format=png&auto=webp&s=0c010a668da1169ad1bb2383fe7f713666171946

**Conclusion**

When I was 22, on an [F1 visa with 3 months to find work](https://www.careerfair.io/job-hunt-story), I didn’t give a damn about bad reviews. I needed a job and I’d sign any piece of paper you put in front of me.

Compare that to someone at the peak of their career, someone with optionality and a multitude of job offers; an “A-Player”, as the experts call it, would absolutely have the luxury of choice and discard a job offer based on bad company reviews.

For most people, the impact of online company reviews lies somewhere in the middle. In marketing, there’s a concept of a “marketing touchpoint” - an interaction with the brand over the course of the whole buying journey.

Company reviews are one of the many touchpoints a job seeker experiences over their interview process. And with the technology industry booming the past couple of years, companies couldn’t afford to slack on any touchpoints, including this one.

After all, when others start to game the system, you’re at a disadvantage if you don’t. The rewards can be quite high. Certainly higher than just trying to be as transparent as possible.

HR leaders are often more incentivized to inflate their metrics than to get honest feedback. Fake review writers have bills to pay. ORMs know that companies are desperate. And the platforms, well, aren’t always paying attention.

The result is a potluck of interests that leads to an underground economy.

One that ends up hurting the job seeker.

\*\*\*

Whew. That took a while (about 3 months in fact). Thanks for reading. For more content like this, [subscribe](https://www.careerfair.io/subscribe) to my newsletter. It's my best content delivered to your inbox once every 2 weeks.
This is partially in response to this post:
https://en.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/11xq5cz/the_developer_job_market_is_insane_right_now/

Compared to hiring in 2021, the job market is truly intense. I applied to ~200ish job positions, and ended up getting 5-8ish offers. I have a decent amount of experience, and I have a couple of BigN companies on my resume. Most of these positions were limited to big tech/high finance, and I did apply to multiple positions per company, so this was more ~80 companies.

I got a decent amount of recruiter screens, but definitely worse than peak 2021 mania where it seemed like I had a 80% response rate. Out of those, I failed a couple of recruiter screens where the team said I wasn't a good fit. I was moved on to either online tests, hiring manager rounds, or phone screens.

I failed a few of the hiring manager rounds, where it felt like managers could be very specific and picky about what types of engineers they were hiring. Some were very much looking for very specific technical or personality fits, especially ones hiring for team leads. These I tended to fail.

Out of the technical phone screens, they seemed similar in question difficulty as previously. Interviews that I thought were perfect ended up not progressing to the onsite rounds, which was surprising. Having done a fair amount of interviews both as an interviewer and interviewee, I was surprised that I was not selected to continue here.

On the on-site rounds, they actually felt very similar to 2021, but again the bar for quality seemed higher. In 2019 or 2021, the last two major times I interviewed, having 1 bad interview was okay. Nowadays, it seemed that every interview was a make-or-break decision. A single bad or even mediocre performance would ruin your candidacy.

On the team matching phases, a ton of companies had trouble here. I was very specific in the locations of teams I would join, and this limited my pool of options greatly (hence why there's some variation what's considered an offer). Companies had extremely low headcount throughout, and every single team match call I did recruiters would mention that there's a couple other candidates ready in the pipeline to accept in case I was not interested, and I believed them.

It was also scary interviewing with companies - many of them would pause hiring halfway through the process. Some of these were due to lack of headcount and roles being filled, but I have had cases where my recruiter or my interviewers (!!) were laid off, and hiring paused.

Offer numbers can still reach the heights of 2021-2022 - some companies were still very confident in matching/beating other offers, but again take this with a huge grain of salt.

Now however, I'm not sure about the risks of joining a new company. My current company is not profitable, with declining growth and decent runway, but I would expect layoffs soon. However, especially with Meta and Google layoffs while being wildly profitable - it seems no company is truly safe to join. Finance seems relatively okay, but even Akuna had layoffs (but maybe this is due to their strategies). I am thinking about hopping in any case considering the terrible performance of my stock, but if layoffs continue and a recession truly begins I'm definitely concerned about a target on my back. 

Happy to answer specifics/talk about questions too!
As an EE, over the < 5 year span of working I have only had a chance to work at HW based companies (no big company yet) as a SW guy and I think I have enjoyed it so much that I started to think about narrowing down my future job search to only HW based companies as well but of late it just struck to me whether that may cause more harm than good.

Since the start, I have enjoyed the aspect of working on a system level be it tinkering with the sensors via a code and being able to control things just fascinated me on so many levels. Not just at the lower level but middleware and application layers are also interesting and may not necessarily require HW/low-level knowledge. I never looked at anything beyond C and C++.  (Now even moreso around C++ being a primary language).

Plus I have found interviews at HW companies to be a bit different where you aren't required to be an LC monkey (subjective = my limited experience). For instance, when I interviewed at Qcom for fun, I got asked about coming up with a high level design for syncing the data coming out of producers with the consumers. It didn't have to be coded out and a pseudocode would and  I loved the idea. And the LC questions were not super complicated either (arrays, linked list, maps, strings). And for interviews at Meta/Google, you'd be expected to have gone through a vast variety of LC patterns. (no hate but I have no interest in understanding how I'd solve Number Of Islands)

As much as I have enjoyed working in HW firms, the majority of the *high-demanding* SW jobs don't seem to fall under this category (from my experience). To put it in a different way, there are a lot more SW based than HW based companies. Big Ns like Google, Meta do have hardware departments but apparently, they are not as valued as someone working purely on the infra ... for the right reasons cause it benefits the company more being SW based.

Has anyone been in my shoes at some point in their career and gone through a similar thought process about your career trajectory given their interests and the successes/failures you've had?
I was previously at Meta and Meta has its own folly library with extended support for futures/promises coroutines, tasks, generators, etc.

Now that C++20 is out, is anyone else making use of coroutines?
I'm redoing our keyboard shortcuts for several different web apps/features and the more I think about it the more I feel that there has to be some sort of approach I should be following. I'm asking more about a strategy for how best define what hotkeys do what as opposed to how do I implement it (though if you have any React/JS libraries you love I'm open to suggestion).

But just choosing `s` for this and `meta-,` for this all seems like I'm guessing and I feel like I'm entering an (hopefully) unnecessary game of trial and error.
Normally I don't share this info but some amusing shit happened this time, and since it was a pretty brutal job search I need to vent a little.

**Background**: 12 YOE at SF big N companies. 2 years ago, I transitioned to working fully remote from an LCOL city while taking a 0% paycut from my SF TC ([thread about that](https://old.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/l951f2/successfully_negotiated_0_paycut_for_remote/)) so I only looked at fully remote + high TC opportunities.

**Prep:**

About 2-3 months of on-and-off prep after work or on weekends. Took like 3 weeks of break in the middle cuz I was getting tired of it. 

DS&A: about 60 LCs, mostly mediums. Used LC premium, neetcode, and random youtube channels for specific problem explanations.

Sys design: read both of Alex Xu's books (highly recommend), read specific chapters of DDIA for topics I wanted clarity on, watched [sys design interview youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/SystemDesignInterview), did 5 practice designs for popular problems

**Applications and results:**

Meta

- Applied via referral to a Horizon Worlds E6 role. Very specific role, was told that no team matching process would be involved.

- Phone screen happened to be the day after Zuck announced the company wide freeze. Recruiter called me an hour before my interview to tell me that I could still interview and the results would be good for 6-12 months. 

- I interviewed anyway since I wanted the practice. Interviewer spent 20 minutes on behavioral, leaving 25 minutes for 1 medium bit manipulation and 1 hard graph traversal problem, neither are on blind75 or neetcode150 or LC's list of FB problems. Solved the bit manipulation but didn't have enough time to code the graph traversal which the interviewer acknowledged was his fault so I just talked through it but didn't figure out the optimal solution. Interviewer was pretty friendly and a good communicator but had to end exactly at 45 minutes so no time for me to ask anything.

- Result: passed screen, but hiring freeze prevents any forward movement. 

Amazon

- Recruiter reached out via LinkedIn for AWS internal tool team, L6 role. Sounded like an absolutely mind numbingly boring team, recruiter could barely find the enthusiasm to sell it to me.

- Phone screen was 40 minutes of behavioral! Really didn't expect that. His strategy for behaviorals seemed to be: ask an open ended question -> pick a detail to drill into -> drill into it more -> drill into it even more -> do not let candidate be ambiguous about ANYTHING -> keep drilling -> only stop when interviewee has answered every possible detail or admits they don't know something. This guy was not fucking around. Very engaged and active listener, his drilling questions were very intelligent and relevant. Then an LC easy BFS problem (wtf) followed up by a variation that made it LC medium (BFS with tree depth)

- Result: failed screen, very unprepared for the behaviorals this guy wanted. 

Google

- Recruiter reached out via LinkedIn for L6 role that needs to be team matched after offer. Seems like there are more fully remote opportunities than before, but still not that many. 

- Interviewer was a no show for the first 10 minutes so I emailed the coordinator and got an automated OOO reply with no backup contacts lol. Interviewer showed up at 12 minute mark and apologized profusely. 15 minutes of behavioral followed by an LC medium that transitioned into LC hard. Pretty standard array of numbers problem, it's probably on LC. Solved optimally with some hints. Only tricky part was figuring out the worst/avg/best big-Os for the optimal solution since the optimal solution has 3 variables that go into the big-O calculation instead of the usual 1 or 2. 

- Result: passed screen. However, recruiter said she wants to team match BEFORE offer now (contrary to what she said in our initial meeting), and that took forever.

Netflix

- Recruiter reached out via LinkedIn

- UNBELIEVABLY LONG AND DIFFICULT INTERVIEW PROCESS. Had 10 total interviews of 45-60 minutes each with a mix of recruiters, eng, eng manager, non-eng, and non-eng managers. 2 rounds of coding problems, one with google docs and one with coderpad. These were not LC style, but rather realistic every day problems. Deep language/domain specific knowledge is critical. The non-eng rounds were non-technical behaviorals but they don't fuck around and let you get away with ambiguity. Thankfully I worked a lot with non-eng in the past and my recruiters warned me about this so I had some good stories prepared. Lots and lots of behaviorals that I wasn't asked at any other company. Feel like I met almost everyone I would be working with. The 10 interviews were split across like 4 different weeks and it felt like they just kept going forever. They really do not like false positives I guess. Only apply if you seriously consider Netflix as one of your top choices and are willing to walk over coals. That being said, I did enjoy each and every interview as all the interviewers were very passionate people, great communicators, and seemed to really be curious about me. 

- Result: got offer for an insane TC raise working on a team I'm really excited about. Accepted this offer!

Stripe

- Recruiter reached out via LinkedIn for staff role in money movement org. 

- Instead of a phone screen the first round is what they called a "mini onsite" with 45 minute behavioral with HM and 45 minute sys design. HM was extremely good communicator and actually made me excited about the role. Asked great questions and thanks to me bombing the amazon behavioral, I was hyper prepared for this one. Sys design was a realistic but not very deep problem within the online payments space. Interviewer answered clarifying questions then didn't speak for the next 35 minutes. Passed screening around. Recruiter said both interviewers had no negative feedback to give.

- Final round was unique as well. They asked for a 1200 word writeup around a dev effort I owned which would be given to my interviewers. First interview was me presenting that writeup with additional detail for 20 minutes followed by 25 minutes of questions by a panel. Panel gave very positive feedback. Second interview was a sys design problem with a VERY large list of requirements. The interviewer admitted it was beyond the scope of a 45 minute interview so I should move extremely fast and be ready to get interrupted frequently if the interviewer wanted me to move on to something else. Felt like I did pretty well but was not given feedback. Third interview was coding round with 3 parts, non-LC style, using my own IDE. Interviewer wanted me to use unit test driven approach which I didn't enjoy but I solved it all easily enough. Fourth was behavioral with a staff+ eng, who was surprisingly not a good communicator and asked some dumb questions with no followups...

- Result: Never really found out because THE DAY AFTER MY INTERVIEW the recruiter called me to say they are going on hiring freeze, and then a few days after that, they announced layoffs. My recruiter was part of the layoffs and my replacement recruiter called to say my application is in limbo until they finish re-strategizing or whatever. 

5 startups

- Mix of referrals and recruiters reaching out. All startups were tech-centric and roles were staff/staff+/leadership. 

- No LC at all. Always glad to see startups that are smart enough to not use LC. 2 take-home assignments that took way too long but I did it anyway for practice. Several coding rounds using my own IDE to solve realistic or day-to-day style problems. 

- Results: 3 offers, 1 bad fit, 1 ghosted. None of the offers compared to Netflix without very generous projections of their paper money and represented too much risk for me personally. 

**Offer Negotiation:** I consider myself quite good at negotiating offers but the Netflix recruiter made it clear during the verbal offer that they would give me a number at the top end and wouldn't budge from that unless something crazy happens. I tried to leverage that offer against the startup offers but obviously startups can only offer more paper money so that wasn't really productive, and none of the startups are something I truly believed in. Got some decent practice negotiating the startups against each other at least. 

**Moral of the story:** don't fucking do a job search during a horrible tech downturn unless you really want to move on lol
Anyone with experience getting laid off have any suggestions for how to move forward after the layoff? I turned down a couple big offers a few months ago to go to Meta, and I was part of that massive layoff you've all been seeing in the news. Really sucks considering all the other companies I turned down that wouldn't have laid me off. I've already reached out to those to see if any positions are still open. I'm curious how you navigate going about negotiations. I've always had the leverage of being currently employed, but now I don't have that. Do I bite the bullet and take a lower paying job, or should I still be trying to target TCs that line up with what I was making at Meta?
A real world scenario:

I recently implemented multithreading in Node.JS using a worker pool. Node.JS doesn't natively support multithreading, but recently introduced worker threads, which launches external scripts (or offloads functions) as separate processes. And it has the benefit of passing its results back to the main thread which is really neat.

# What I am solving

Writing bytes to a buffer is a pretty slow process. On small files of course it is quick, but as the file grows, it is taking 2, 3 seconds or more. And my application saves the file often (autosave) and for other reasons, such as meta data storing. Immediately after the file saves, it then reads the file to present the results. So I of course will always be looking for new ways to improve efficiency down the line.

Example of multithreading in practice: [Loading Chopin's Fantasie Impromptu](https://www.musicjotter.com/mj/id/1/)

Before multithreading, this would have taken 5 - 6 seconds to load. With the implementation, you can see it speeds up loading.

# The Solution?

I figured if I were to break the writing process into multiple processes and join the results, this should cut speed. My theory was correct, and I cut my writing times from 4 seconds to half a second, and improved my applications load speeds by 90%. The way I've done this was by carefully structuring the algorithm as follows:

1. First, the original algorithm was 1 loop to write bytes to a buffer. Easy to understand, but slow!
2. Implemented multithreading and split this process into 6 threads / processes using a worker pool. This worker pool will distribute the threads and queue them up.
3. Instead of 1 loop now, I have up to let's say 6 loops at a time running concurrently, processing data separately (offloaded). As threads complete, the pool then distributes more workers as needed.
4. Once the threads have complete, they return the individual results and store them in an array on the main thread.
5. The algorithm will then determine when all the threads have been complete (since there appears to be no way to "join" threads in Node.JS, someone correct me though if I am wrong). Once all the threads have complete, I sort, and add up all the results by writing all the bytes to the file.
6. Note: I have to sort the chunks because there is no guaranteed order in multithreading.

# So what's the problem?

I implemented the exact solution on another looping process (instead of writing bytes to a buffer, I was writing an array of dictionary values). And the multithreading *slowed down* my loading speeds by a lot! I was shocked, but my question is, what gives? I have a theory but I'd like to know what some of your opinions would be on this.

My theory is that writing to a dictionary is not as intensive as file writing (writing to a buffer byte by byte) versus writing larger chunks of data to an array data structure. And the time cost to create worker pools is more than just iterating through and writing an array of dictionary values. My theory also is that the multithreading would start to improve speed if the dictionary values that I'm writing were explode in volume.

What do you think though? At what point does multithreading not make sense?
So i recently switched jobs from a startup with a very nice codebase and process in general to a startup that has horrible code and mixed methodologies for everything, no tests and no consistency in how things are supposed to be done

For example:

my boss currently is asking us to have this thing in the meta tags that help you show preview images when sharing a url in social media but we cant properly build that feature the way we have things because he insist on having a SPA and a rest API backend, its not impossible but its unnecessary hard considering that there are plans to do SEO and add other features that would benefit from server side rendering, also there is practically no need to have a SPA for the product, there are very little dynamic things happening

he clearly does not have a lot of experience with neither react or the backend, which we use Django btw, he often commits things directly to master without tests and he is constantly either breaking things or doing a lot of extra work for things that aren’t necessary, for example not using django defaultn mail backend and instead sending emails directly throught aws ses and using string interpolation instead of django templating system, dont get me started on file uploads or how the API is structured though(its not everythingisnamedlikethis or einlt)

he insists on saving images directly in s3 even though we have the django storage backends to upload to s3 in the admin or through the api working perfectly fine, he just copies the link to the uploaded files and saves it manually in the “relevant file field or sometimes charfield because we are gonna fix that later you know?”

so the job is well paid, he is a nice dude and he is the boss and i dont know what to do in order to stop him from coding and instead focus on giving us directions into what he wants to achieve or do in terms of the product, as often there is not much to do, there is a lot to do but he does not have a plan at all into how to do everything so there is barely anything to do without a plan, everything is randomly decided and its often wrong or questionable

i’ve tried showing him how can we improve things by refactoring stuff and i have basically removed like a lot of code and just used the tools we already have installed have but he gave me this impression that he “thinks” that these refactoring steps that I’ve done are not necessary even if they are not causing problems but fixing them, there is not much to do besides fixing bugs and issues because “we should move quickly and do everything as fast as possible”

what would you do? its very stressful already and he caused another incident today with the tests we did wrote, i know he is not doing it on purpose or with bad intentions but he is not listening to advice either
This is a bit of a meta thread. I only discovered this sub rather recently and just scrolled through the posts here when it struck me, that something like 90% of the posts have nothing to do with technology. It's all about handling people/social situations.

And I looked back at my own education (in university and on the job) and hardly any of the classes/courses/traings ever tackled any social problems. Like, how to handle difficult people, how to raise issues without causing chaos and destruction, etc. etc.

Is it just me or are these skills just utterly ignored?
Background: I'm a SWE working remotely for a SV based company from some country in South America. I've gained some tenure and I love where I am at right now. I managed to get my own home and live very comfortably; it's a low to medium COL area even by the standards of my country. I don't have friends where I am at, or a significant other, but I meet with my family regularly. I am currently not seeking to get into a new job, and there are zero hints at me being laid off by any reason.

That said, I'm coming to the realization that I may, in fact, be stuck where I am at. I don't see myself working for any local company anymore. I know that, once my cycle in this company is done, I could apply for whatever company I wanted; lots of the colleagues that leave the company tend to go for FAANGs or FAANG-tier companies. I was even called by Meta before the hiring freeze... And I rejected it.

And here's the problem. Or rather, problems. Most companies demand that I work at their location or somewhere in the US at best if I wanted to stay remote. But I'm nowhere there. And moving away is pretty difficult because:

* I'm still paying the loan for my house. And I'm quite attached to this place.
* All I have is my family. If I were to leave, I'd go alone, and I'm already prone to loneliness-based depression. Yes, therapy has helped a ton, but I don't feel ready to be an alien in a country where I have zero acquaintances.
* I already have it difficult to make new friends or meet people, even where I live at.
* I have pets. They're all the company I have during most of my days. And I don't want to part ways with them.

I could apply for local remote jobs, sure. But I won't have the same level of compensation, some of them demand to live in their own place (and I'm not near them), and I'd have to take the hit of working for a rather worse culture.

What am I supposed to do in my position? Whatever I do, if for some reason I have to quit my company, I'd have nowhere to go to.

Any advice is welcomed. Thank you for reason.
I’ve been browsing and commenting on this subreddit a while now. One thing I struggle with when trying to give accurate advice is the understanding that different places do things differently.

For example, I am in the United States. I feel like my advice can be very US-centric, and it might not be the best advice to, say, a dev working in Asia.

If other people feel the same, then I propose enforcing adding a location to any post.

Hopefully this does not come off as judgmental. My only goal is to increase the accuracy of advice given on this subreddit.
Should we add a weekly small questions & chat thread for experienced devs? Alternatively, should the weekly questions thread welcome all questions?

We have the "Ask Experienced Devs" weekly thread. Top level comments in these threads are *supposed to be* limited to questions from inexperienced devs, but I've noticed that lots of experienced devs use the thread too. For example, in last week's thread, there were 9 questions either definitely or likely from experienced devs, 7 definitely from inexperienced devs, and 10 that were unclear and not related to level of experience.

I think people are using the weekly thread as a place for small or specific questions they don't feel merit a whole post to themselves.

I do like the idea of having somewhere for inexperienced developers to put questions, since they're going to come here with questions anyways.
I have 12 yoe, worked in 4 different midsize companies. I worked as a Tech Lead at one of them conjunction with EM, it was okay. 

But not a single time in this 4 companies a new greenfield project opened up or EM left or there was a transition opportunity from Senior Dev to EM. 

I have read a couple of blog posts about how Team Lead Manager is absolutely the worst position and a trap in disguised as “stepping stone to EM”.

I do understand why people advise against it especially in companies like Google/Meta because you work till your soul leaves your body, bc you are technically working two full time positions and failing at both of them. 

For someone like me who wants to give it a shot as EM but almost never encounters an EM opening in a company this position looks like a very attractive lure. 

I know team is all Juniors, so that’s probably a red flag itself.

But did anyone worked at a mid size company under this title and succeed? 

And what are your opinion about lateral moves? To me EM openings seems so rare and far between.
This is a two part kind of question - one part is specifically the problem I'm facing, and the other is a more meta 'How do I determine if this solution is still correct?'. 

So with CSS I want to have multiple sticky elements that 'stack'. (Think headers, and then sub headers, and then sub sub headers etc). 

There are a couple of stack overflow questions that ask/answer this ([one](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54689034/pure-css-multiple-stacked-position-sticky), [two](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56356423/stack-sticky-element-after-other-sticky-element-with-dynamic-height?noredirect=1&lq=1)). The problem is that the solution either involves using fixed offsets (which doesn't work if your elements have a dynamic size), or 'you can't do it/ you need to use JavaScript to determine the size'. 

So first question is - does anyone have an improved solution to this specific problem? 

The second question is - both of those Stack Overflow questions are three years old. It strikes me that CSS might have been updated to solve this since then. Or there might be a proposal that fixes this - in which case I want to track the progress of that proposal. 

How do I find out about such a proposal?
A large percentage of the interesting posts in this subreddit are violations of rule 3.

>Any career advice thread must contain questions and/or discussions that notably benefit from the participation of experienced developers. Career advice threads may be removed at the moderators discretion based on response to the thread."  
>  
>General rule of thumb: If the advice you are giving (or seeking) could apply to a “Senior Chemical Engineer”, it’s not appropriate for this sub.

I think that this rule should be removed for a variety of reasons:

* It is useful to get general career advice from experienced developers, even if it could be useful for say chemical engineers.
   * In my real life I have almost never asked non-tech folks for career advice. I am blessed with a large professional network. Many of those asking here are not.
* A lot of interesting discussions happen on these posts. But they are deleted.
* The further in your career you get, the more your questions end up "general career advice" because they become more about how to work with teams/people and less "what technical problem am I facing."
* These types of questions are clearly popular given how many are here, upvoted, and then ultimately deleted.
* More junior/less experienced folks can learn a lot from seeing this type of discussion of career advice within a tech context, even if the advice is largely applicable in other careers too.

If there isn't appetite to remove rule 3 permanently, I would suggest a 30 day or 60 day experiment to see what happens with that rule being not enforced/temporarily removed.
The past couple weeks saw large layoffs in companies that are not profitable and dependent on VC funding, including

* Klarna (around 700 layoffs = 10% of their workforce),
* Gorillas (300 layoffs, could be as high as 50% of workforce)
* Bolt (around 240 layoffs = 27% of their workforce),
* Getir (around 4500 layoffs = 14% of their workforce, although this included delivery personnel)
* Laceworks (300 layoffs = 20% of their workforce)

According to [layoffs.fyi](https://layoffs.fyi), the past week saw 16 tech companies lay off over 7000 workers. And this isn't counting the previous slowdowns and layoffs in other companies such as Cameo (unicorn startup), Robinhood, GoPuff, Netflix, etc. Uber, Snap, and Meta have announced that they're pausing or heavily scaling back hiring as well.

So my question is, where do you see this trajectory heading for our industry for the near-term future? Is the hot market for (senior+) engineers cooling? Do you feel that it's too early to tell?  Will you be making any career changes or holding off on some?

I have about 9YOE so I haven't been in the industry when 2008 or 2000 happened, so I would definitely like to hear from some much more experienced folks who have gone through historical ups and downs of our industry.
Some place how we think this sub is doing, and how the mods are doing?

&#x200B;

IMO - I think the mods are being a little remove heavy. 

I'm all for removing the 'I hate leet code interviews' and 'Should I work at XYZ' threads, they don't really provide value to other people. 

But I do see threads that I find genuinely interesting get removed, and that sucks. (If anyone has it, I'm looking for the thread from the guy who made a github post about interview format - he suggests a 'create a ticket that the candidate resolves' format). 

So yeah, monthly meta?
Hey r/ExperiencedDevs

Wow, **72.5K** Members. That's a lot.

We're in the process of finding/adding a couple of new moderators (*interested?* [send a mod mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/ExperiencedDevs)), but in the mean time we've evaluated how to keep "low effort" posts or posts of throwaway-quality from dominating the subreddit.

Looking at similar subs, they typically have a comment/post karma barrier - this prevents folks from creating new accounts to ask questions, getting their gratification, and then deleting or abandoning the account (over and over).

For posts we've taken down in the last \~6 months, over 50% of them are from brand new accounts.

Therefore, going forward, **any post from an account with less than 50 comment or post karma, or a new account age (< 7days), will be automatically removed by** u/AutoModerator, and there will be no exceptions. Accounts with less karma are still welcome to *comment* on existing threads or use the weekly threads.

We're considering other changes as well, such as simplified rules, an updated Wiki, and more recurring (weekly or otherwise) threads that encourage engagement on different topics, without this becoming "Reddit, Blind Edition" or an extension of CSCQ.

\~ u/decafmatan, u/snowe2010, u/ImpactStrafe

*EDIT:* Thanks to a poster, we've reduced the thresholds for now.
I work for a large multinational Fortune 500 where I am the program owner. It’s an executive position and I have a strong engineering background.

I’ve recently been talking to Meta about a D1 opening there. It seems like an interesting role that’s also remote. It’s in my wheelhouse and technology-wise seems like a great fit.

I’d previously never considered working at Facebook, now Meta. And the equity grant alone for this position is 7 digits, annually. I’m curious if there are people here in this sub in similar roles at Meta. Could you talk about if this is a normal equity grant for this kind of position at Meta, or something unusual? And how is the culture at this level of the company?

For example, where I currently work, there is lots of politics at my level and a lot of “tribalism” where folks fight for their piece of turf. Is politics at Meta similar? Or not at all?

Any and all insight appreciated
or maybe r/ExperiencedDevCareers? I'm assuming the mods here would be linking it in the sidebar and directing any career advice traffic there... 

or maybe just a weekly thread for career advice? Someone else suggested that, I can't take credit for it. 

The community here seems to have a very low opinion of r/cscareerquestions.
This is my first post here but I feel like I have to say something. I’m sick of seeing career questions.

I think that the majority of them are neither useful or interesting. I live in North East England, questions about FANNG or salaries in $100k are meaningless to me whereas conversation between experienced developers about a range of other topics are applicable internationally.

I know that other people might have different views so I’d be interested in hearing what you think.

- Do you find career questions interesting?
- Are some career questions more interesting than others? If so, why?
- Why should career questions not be directed to r/cscareerquestions?
I've been an active participant both here and also on r/cscareerquestions (CSCQ) for a long while. I've more or less given up on CSCQ because it's almost all inexperienced people telling other inexperienced people what to do.

My concern is that r/ExperiencedDevs is going the same way. 

As someone with a decade+ of tech experience I find myself seeing more and more  content on here which reminds me of CSCQ and just doesn't engage me. This was not always the case.

I don't really know if I'm off in this perception or if basically everyone other than students from CSCQ has come here and so now that part of cscq became part of r/ExperiencedDevs?

I'm not even sure I have a suggestion here other than so many of the topics that get presented feel like they fall into either:

* basic questions
* rants disguised as questions

Maybe the content rules are too strict? Or maybe they need to also prevent ranting as questions?
I am a relatively new "experienced" engineer (3.5 YOE). At my first job at a large tech company, I made lots of connections and had fun, but didn't learn too many transferrable skills because the tech stack was extremely proprietary. So for my next job, even though I got several FAANG offers, I chose to work at a startup which is now a unicorn.

I've been at the startup for almost a year now, and have learned a ton about all levels of the stack and infrastructure, which is super rewarding. However, I haven't gotten too much mentorship, and this job is remote, so I haven't gotten to interact too much with the company. I also am a minority (the company isn't too diverse) and one of the least experienced engineers at the company, so it's honestly been a little hard to generate social value and/or contribute meaningfully to technical discussions. It's difficult/anxiety-inducing during in-person hackathons and more casual gatherings, where I don't feel the most included. Everyone is perfectly nice, though.

I feel challenged and have learned a lot, which is a good thing, but at the same time I know I'm still pretty early in my career and honestly think I could have benefited from more structure and in-person opportunities to observe seniors, as well as more opportunities to connect with true peers with my level of experience. They say part of the benefit of working at a startup is you get to network, but honestly I have not been doing great at making those connections that in my current company because of the above reasons.

I see my friends at FAANGs really enjoying their time, with all the perks and flexibility of moving to different office locations, making tons of friends who are around their age and experience, and wonder if I made the right decision of trading a higher salary and more fun for "learning". Was that even a correct assumption? I have learned a lot about popular technologies, and how to build a system from the ground up, but our systems don't operate at the scale that large tech companies do. I also feel compelled to set best practices when I don't feel I have had a chance to learn a lot of them. My coworkers are all great engineers (some ex-FAANG), but sometimes they will sacrifice best practice for practical reasons, and even if not, it's hard to get anyone's guidance or documentation.

So I'm looking for engineers who have had experience at both types of companies. My questions are

1. Do you actually feel you learned more at a startup? I was strongly considering working at G, but knowing how proprietary a lot of their tech was, I didn't want a repeat of my first job, where I felt like I wasn't learning too many transferrable skills. I also had offers from Meta and Amazon, and though I had hesitations based on ethical reasons, it seems I might have learned a lot of transferrable skills from those environments. I also think learning how to work on problems of scale might be something I was undervaluing. At the same time, friends who moved from FAANGs to startups said startups definitely taught them more.
2. Given my actual situation (lowish YOE, not integrating super well culturally, could still benefit from mentorship), would you recommend I stay with my startup or try to find another startup where I could learn similar things but maybe gel better? Or just try out FAANG and see what I could actually learn there?
3. Did the benefits of working at a FAANG or a startup help your career in other ways that might override the factors I'm considering (learning, networking, compensation)?
Hey all,

I recently got reached out to by a recruiter from Meta and decided to take their interview loop. Once I got into their interviews portal, I've been surprised to find that they actually offer a fairly extensive "Leetcode" training program before you take their interview. They offer a full suite of study material, practice questions, and even let you take a mock interview.

I feel pretty conflicted about this. On one hand, it's nice to see companies acknowledging the preparation that is required to take these interviews, and are supporting that preparation. On the other hand, it seems absurd that they are blatantly admitting that seasoned engineers will fail their interview without extensive training outside of their normal job. By definition, this means that the interview is not testing real world skills. Seems that everyone is aware that the system is broken, and instead of fixing it they are doubling down on training engineers to take their nonsense test.

What do you guys think? Is this peak Leetcode insanity, or a step in the right direction?
When I read Glassdoor reviews of Meta/Facebook, I see mostly positive reviews, including Meta being in the top 10 places to work for many years straight. The company reviews occasionally mention WLB but its rarely a headline.

Yet on Blind I keep reading how terrible WLB is at Meta and how the PSC culture can drive people to work insane hours and cut corners.

I was curious if anyone here can shed a little light into how the WLB really is and how the PSC culture influences the WLB at Meta/Facebook?  


Xposted here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/t0fr6u/is\_the\_wlb\_and\_psc\_culture\_at\_meta\_as\_bad\_as\_some/](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/t0fr6u/is_the_wlb_and_psc_culture_at_meta_as_bad_as_some/)
As titled, I've been working for 6 years at Meta now. Currently a E5 senior engineer here but I'm craving a return to the days of being a junior dev (E3 E4 level) for improved work-life balance. I am feeling severely burned out and not sure if I want to continue or even have the capacity to continue as a full time senior SWE.

&#x200B;

I am wondering if anyone has had success applying for and getting E3/E4 junior dev positions after a few years of industry experience. Is this a big red flag for recruiters or is this a normal ask that can be made?
It makes me very sad to see [StackOverflow Jobs go](https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/415293/sunsetting-jobs-developer-story). I've used it successfully both to look for jobs and to hire devs in multiple teams. In fact, I've never used anything else since I started working remotely 5 years ago.

Some features were absolutely crucial for me:

- The Joel Test marks. While I ask these questions at every interview regardless, the ability to not waste time interacting with companies that miss important points for me (e.g. no QA team or no unit tests) is extremely important.
- Clear indication of preferred locations and timezones (I'm only interested in fully remote jobs worldwide, not just US or EU).
- User feedback on job postings. It's just upvotes and downvotes, but it often indicates that something about a vacancy is concerning or, on the contrary, particularly good.
- "Jobs you might like" section based on my tags and StackOverflow answers.

The last point especially is hard to replicate, but still, I'm looking for alternatives. StackOverflow is a platform I trust (despite some questionable decisions), and looking through jobs in other places just doesn't feel as safe and convenient.

In short, SO Jobs really felt like it was made by developers for developers.

So, what alternatives are there? Which job boards provide the most information about employers and their tech stack, specifically things relevant to developers?

I'd love to hear any suggestions!

(Also I messed up the title, sorry, this is probably from sadness)
This just keeps coming up. 

If you are experiencing a problem like: 

- messy codebase

- toxic coworker

- a fellow engineer not adhering to quality standards

but you haven't talked to anyone at work about it... Maybe start there before you go asking strangers for advice about the problem. We are missing a ton of context. We also only have your side to go on. 

Also I think you are ethically bound to talk to your boss (or your skip) about a problem before you go looking for a new job. They have jobs too and part of their job is keeping you happy and retaining you as an employee. If you encounter a problem that is big enough that you are considering warming up the resumé then the professional thing to do is to talk to one of them about it. This opinion has been controversial in the past but I don't understand why. 

Communication is a crucial life skill.
So, it used to be the case that I'd do *hours* of 'meta-software-development' work off-the-clock: everything from doing "poweruser-level" configuration my operating-system; to sourcing, installing, configuring, and learning the ins-and-outs of Vim plugins; to getting deep into the nuts-n-bolts of, say, Webpack or TypeScript's more obscure features.

These obviously benefitted *me* enough for me to be doing them 'anyway' — I use that knowledge in my side-projects, I'm a happier and faster developer, I deal with less frustration and blocking no matter what I'm working on. It *also* obviously benefits my organizations, for exactly the same reasons. Okay, no big deal.

However, recently, as I get older, I find my tastes changing, and I'm less and less interested in having fifteen hours of side-project programming a week or whatever.

When I was spending hours of my week replacing a deprecated Vim plugin, dealing with the newest macOS upgrade breakage, or reading about that new TypeScript feature … but those hours were paying off massively in my personal life *and* professional life, it didn't really bother me to be doing that at home. But more and more over the years, those benefits are yielding me very little in my daily, personal life (as I'm doing less *programming* in my daily personal life); and mostly showing themselves *on the clock*. It's starting to feel like fixing-that-Vim-plugin is more and more a "work-related task" that I'm, for some reason, doing at home and not getting paid for.

Now, I could switch to less-productive tools (or rather, "tools of a different productivity-distribution", that include less upfront config and mind-space, in return for less 'runtime' productivity); but that wouldn't *just* impact my work-time productivity negatively — it'd also deeply impact my work-time *happiness*. The time spent learning that obscure Git feature doesn't just make me more productive (i.e. make my bosses happy) later down the line, it makes me *happier* in my work, because there's less frustration when I most deeply need there to be less-frustration — when something's already broken, difficult, or complicated. So the calculus isn't simply 'if the bosses don't want you wasting time configuring complicated tools on their dollar, then just use less-complicated tools and let it cost them in your long-term productivity. `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`'

Anyway, I'm mildly flummoxed, and I want to see how other devs of 10+ years feel about "caring for their tools" and "caring for their own tooling-knowledgebase." Do you do that on company time? When do you? When do you not? What's your personal line?

----

**Edit:** To be clear, I'm looking forward here, not back — I'm not too concerned with the shape of my life *right now*; but as I sit here, spending *multiple personal days* over my Christmas holiday trying to replace Coc.nvim with whatever new nvim-lsp stuff has been replacing it for the last couple of years … I'm thinking to my self "what the hell am I going to do next time this breaks, if I have a kid? If I have no personal time to dick around with broken tools at home?" It's sobering and mildly upsetting.
Hi folks.

First off, both myself and [u/snowe2010](https://www.reddit.com/user/snowe2010/) want to wish everyone a happy and safe holidays 2022. It's been a tough year, I'm personally super glad many have found a positive outlet in r/ExperiencedDevs. Yay!

Unfortunately, as the sub gets bigger, we're more likely have a few rowdy folks and/or trolls. **Please do not engage**. The right thing to do is to use the "report" button. We can't always remove the post instantly, but we routinely review reports, remove comments/posts, and have issued a number of temporary bans in the last couple of weeks for repeated offenders.

Let's do a quick quiz. Someone says something you find offensive/infringes on the rules of the subreddit. What should you do:

1. Ignore it.
2. Report it to the moderators (using the report button).
3. Leave a comment on their comment calling them names/belittling them/etc.

Answer: >!2!<

If anybody has any other suggestions for the sub for 2022, feel free to leave it in the comments below!
I've had an emotionally draining series of events happen the past few months whereas I just have been unable to perform to the standard I set myself to. I've managed with the internalized understanding that the field is extremely vast, and once you solve and master something you will be immediately confronted with an equally frustrating situation that matches your new skill level. The meta task of the job is managing this sense of frustration.

I wanted to take a step back and get perspective.  


Hopefully as a learning exercise for the community, please share, what are some of the most frustrating situations related to the job you have experienced?
***EDIT:*** *Due to an influx of feedback (thanks for staying positive)! We've scaled back the changes.*

Hi Devs!

I'm u/decafmatan and I've joined u/snowe2010 as a moderator for r/ExperiencedDevs! We're really excited to announce we've hit **over 45K members**, an all-time high. Thanks for helping us reach this milestone!

As we continue to figure out how to scale this subreddit, we've *simplified* [the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/about/rules), but also broadened some of the definitions. There were some overlap and ambiguity, and I'd also like to thank the handful of folks that reached out via mod mail to make suggestions.

Let's do a quick review before I get into the rules: **None of this is permanent**.   
*If the community feels strongly or has some other ideas, please add them to this thread.*

Ok, let's get to the rules (and the delta since before):

1. **Do not participate unless experienced (3+ years)**  
This largely has not changed, though I've clarified language. 3 more years as a developer is fine, no more "3 to 5" which caused some confusion. Obviously, this is open to interpretation - i.e. what do you consider pre-career experience. I've largely been happy about how this one has been run/enforced, but we'd love to hear feedback.
2. **No Disrespectful Language or Conduct**  
No major changes. There has been a small uptick and jerk-like behavior, most of which has been handled with a warning/removal or in some cases a (very short) ban for repeat offenses. One change is we've explicitly added *sexism*, as well as that *any thread that could be interpreted as trolling.* This now includes complaints about DEI (Diversity) initiatives or people of a specific sex or background at your company.This doesn't mean you can't discuss diversity initiatives, but your post needs to be part of a larger point and not "I'm so tired of hearing about Diversity at my job!!111!!". That's really it.
3. **No General Career Advice**  
This has been scaled back roughly to where was before. We'll continue to keep our eye on these types of threads and see if it's reasonable to make adjustments down the line (and/or increase our moderation team).
4. **No "Which Offer Should I Take" Posts**  
Consolidation of a few rules. It's OK to talk about getting promoted, changing roles, or the merits of different career paths/ladders, but please create *discussion*, and don't post a binary "which offer should I take"-type of post.
5. **No “What Should I Learn” Questions**  
Largely unchanged.
6.  **No “I hate X types of interviews" Posts**   
Another consolidation of ambiguous rules. It might be OK to talk about the merits of an interview process, or compare what has been successful at your company, but if it ends up just turning into complaints your post might still be removed.

Thanks!

*edit: No, I'm not going to go back and retroactively apply these rules to existing posts.*
Just starting a new job so this is written as a retrospective. So, I've been a professional software engineer (i.e. paid to do it) for 25 years and a programmer, in general, for years more.

I just left a job. Nothing wrong, just outgrown it, and they were moving in a direction I didn't want to go. Happens every day, time to move on, so it goes. 

I started looking...

First of all. The moment you pop on LinkedIn you're looking for work, you'll get flooded with emails, phone calls at all hours of the day. I don't really do LinkedIn, and I created the profile years ago, and foolishly, I think from a CV upload, my mobile was on there. Bad idea. Fixed that. People will think nothing of calling you at all hours, even late in the evening, for jobs you're nowhere near a fit for.

Secondly the testing scenario has gotten insane. In the last month or so, I've done personality tests, logic tests, live coding exercises, live code tests, whiteboarding sessions and take-home tests. It's a serious investment in time. I think corps forget we don't apply at one place and wait for a yes or a no, but at multiple places at once. Or maybe they do know and don't care. It's a serious challenge to continue working, do all of these tests, eat and sleep, let alone spend quality time with the family.

And the level of interviews is insane. I'll give on example. This is the worst one, so bear that in mind.

One particular job had an online programming test (1 hour), followed by a one-hour call with a senior manager to go through the results. After that I was given a take home test. Completed that, took a couple hours, maybe three. Then, an hour team fit call with a VP. Then an hour call with the team for the technical grilling. Then an hour architectural review with virtual whiteboard designing system from an architectural viewpoint (think load balancers, caches, etc).

Didn't get the job. I was a little salty about it. The feedback was, "not a fit for the team". Being salty about it is all well and good, but the team fit call was early on in the process. Why didn't they stop, then, at that point? And the take home test? Never another mention of it again. Like zip, no going over it, no feedback at all. So, after several hours with this company, I get six words of feedback and a "No."

This was a few months ago and I finally found a place I liked and they liked me. But, please, these endless hours of tests and interviews have to be toned down.

Edit: Answering some questions and points that came up:

-	No a FANG job, or at least I did not consider them to be; maybe they thought they were though?
-	Advertised salary was around £90-100k. Programmers aren’t paid as much in the UK.
-	Some great advice here. I don’t interview often; this is my third job change is about 20 years
-	I will definitely ask on the first call about process.
-	Turns out I’m an experienced developer but a noob at job changes/interviews!
See title.

each post and comment includes YOE, when we could just have it be a user-flair.
Hi folks!

I wanted to start a meta discussion on three different types of posts that happen semi-frequently, and to get a community reaction before chatting with [**u/snowe2010**](https://www.reddit.com/user/snowe2010/). Namely, do we want the following types of posts in this community:

1. **Self-promotion** \- i.e. posts that largely intend to lead back to a personal blog or YT channel
2. **Interview advice** \- posts about interviewing or conducting interviewing
3. **TC (pay) comparisons** \- i.e. "should I take job A or job B"
4. \[EDIT\] Re-posts, i.e. posts that are shared across r/learnprogramming and here

My personal opinion is that none of these four types of posts are particularly interesting for r/ExperiencedDevs specifically (i.e. r/cscareerquestions and related subreddits are already full of them, and I haven't seen the r/ExperiencedDevs add much differentiation).

Would love to get the communities reaction (or thoughts about any other thread type).
I've been looking at jobs a bit just to see how the remote market is nowadays,  and I came to sort of realize that during the last years what the market wants and what my interests are are becoming more and more misaligned.

I noted I enjoy the more theoretical part of software engineering(note, not hardcore fundamental CS algo stuff) since that's is what I think make or break projects. Then just sit and read about how different teams did things or debate why some style of working or learning about historical references to why something is the way it is. 

For example, how military strategies like the german blitzkrieg of pushing at a weak spot can be compared to this lean startup model of doing 10 things and see what sticks on the product-market fit side of things.   

In general to just put software and programming into a bigger context of humans, history and technology somehow is a field I've become quite interested in. Another thing is how and why different roles in an organization fight or struggle with each other, which I also see is the main problem for most projects. The designers can't understand why something might be slow, and the developers don't get why a timed scoped deadline might be necessary sometimes and so on forever...

I feel like I'm in this middle of being not interested enough in people to be a manager, but not interested enough in the big technology driven systems like say Facebook Messenger to be a more of a architect engineer 

So the thing to discuss is, what kind of jobs should someone who has been doing a lot of programming but is just broadening the skillset and knowledge overall look for? Maybe there is something like an architect consultant that can come in to an older organization like Ford(just an example) and try to make them modern in regards to software? 

I could imagine something like being a guy who put together a big agile work style like this at Spotify be something for me but it seems very rare in the job market  https://www.atlassian.com/agile/agile-at-scale/spotify
Very often I've noticed people with comments that have short, half-baked comments correlate with another quality about them- they rarely post comments on this sub or rarely visit the sub.

The amount of karma in these accounts doesn't matter- they can be frequent Redditors but just not in programming related subs. And they're not necessarily trolls either. They might have quality comments elsewhere but in here they tend to be short low-effort comments that don't really contribute anything meaningful, nor suggest that they properly read the OP. Or signaling that this place is somehow out of their depth for them, or not showing a genuine interest in being more learned about the topics discussed.

So it's not like a simple fix can help this. Enforcing some "explain yourself" rule just needs to be done on a case-by-case basis so I guess we have to read more between the lines, or are users here encouraged to hit the "report" button more for short, low-effort comments?

Edit: it may just mostly be the case for people that tend to comment in a "rapid fire" fashion, where it's easier to be witty with short comments in other subs but here they fall flat because those short comments don't express their thoughts more meaningfully.
Hey guys. Just wanted to let people here know that I'm dropping my mod status in this sub. I've been a mod for a while now (was made mod shortly after [this post I made](https://old.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/f6a7t5/meta_time_to_crack_down_in_questions_from/). 

The primary reason for me is that I'm more or less going to stop participating in any 'of the IT beginner' sub because frankly, it's costing me way more energy than it should.

Secondly; if I carry responsibility I also want to be in control. That's not really how the modding system works at Reddit; I don't feel like doing a ton of work in a sub where the actual control is still with a few completely inactive mods.

And third; we Dutch have a saying "dweilen met de kraan open" which literally translates to 
"to mop while the tap is open" which is what modding a sub like this feels like. No matter the goals we set for this sub; even with clear beginner questions, there are WAY more people actually responding to the question than there are people reporting them. If this community actually wants a group for experienced developers, it should stop accomodating the *much larger group* of inexperienced devs that over time will turn this sub in a smaller /r/cscareerquestions.

Cheers :)
I tend to notice that more experienced people, especially those that lead others, focus well more on content than just presentation. They are usually less nit-picky of things that are less critical (such as the size of font that you use) and more about the big-picture view of your experience.

In this sub, you can get a higher proportion of experienced people evaluating your resume from what they know of other employees, rather than from a student seeing other student or intern resumes, or intern-to-intern/entry level standpoint. Would any people here find such a thread for resume reviews helpful if you're seeking jobs? 

Seeing how other experienced devs display their career can be helpful too, more relatable here than resumes that are mostly just student work and internships. I think the thread could be refreshed/replaced once a week at the most, or maybe every two weeks or every month depending on how much activity happens on the thread.
Hi All,

This subreddit has grown to 12k+ subscribers over 2 years. There are more and more people joining every month.

We greatly appreciate everyone's contributions and activity on this subreddit and want to continue to be a medium that fosters the extremely healthy and on-topic discussions that have been going on in this sub. 

However, spinning off of the meta post made [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/f6a7t5/meta_time_to_crack_down_in_questions_from/) by u/nutrecht, he proposed to define:

> Clear rules on the type of content that is allowed and disallowed

additionally he proposed to:

> Close / lock topics from inexperienced developers, point them towards the rules and /r/cscareerquestions in a friendly manner.

It looked like the community generally was open to discussing these points in the proposal and so, let's collaborate and semi-formally define items in respect to the type of content on this subreddit as well as some working definitions of this subreddit:

1. What rules do we all want?
 - What type of posts should be allowed?
 - What type of posts should not be allowed?
2. How do we define what constitutes an "experienced" developer?
3. How do we define what constitutes an "inexperienced" developer?

We will keep this thread open for a week. After that, the moderation team will draft up minutes regarding items discussed and compile that into a list of provisional rules for this subreddit.

Then, the community will work together to short-list that ruleset and we will try out those rules for a probationary period of 3 months to see how things play out. If we need, we will repeat this exercise until we have best defined the rules that work for us.

Pinging u/nutrecht to hopefully lead the charge by providing some examples and suggestions of rules. 

Thank you all!
Unfortunately there has been a trend of more and more questions from inexperienced developers, often still in school, being asked here instead of on /r/cscareerquestions. Allowing these in this sub is just going to turn it into a smaller version of that sub.

A few examples just from today:

* https://old.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/f64n4x/do_referrals_help_at_least_get_an_interview_at/
* https://old.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/f5prs2/how_important_do_you_find_knowledge_of/
* https://old.reddit.com/r/ExperiencedDevs/comments/f5xex6/career_change_advice/

As far as I know, this sub is a sub intended for **experienced** developers to ask questions to other experienced developers. Not for inexperienced devs. 

Pinging: /u/kormapls, /u/anuaps, /u/kgalang

My proposal:

* Clear rules on the type of content that is allowed and disallowed
* Close / lock topics from inexperienced developers, point them towards the rules and /r/cscareerquestions in a friendly manner.
* For contributors: don't answer these questions, instead point to the FAQ/ rules.
Just got contacted by Meta to take their OA due next week. I have no leetcode experience and I want to pass it since a great opportunity. I am a freshman and Im not sure what I should do to better prepare myself?
Just got contacted by Meta to take their OA due next week. I have no leetcode experience and I want to pass it since this is my only opportunity at the moment. I’m currently doing leetcode 75 questions, but what else should I do to better prepare myself?
Hi all! Wanted to see if anyone already got the OA or at least heard back after the initial application, as I applied a few days after it open but haven't heard anything back.  


Thanks!
Google STEP, Microsoft Explore, Nvidia Ignite, or Meta University?
Title! Can anyone who took the meta SWE intern OA pls dm me
I recently accepted an internship at Apple, located in SD and pay of $47/hr. I'm also in second-round interviews with Meta. Ideally, I want to intern at one company next summer, and do the other in an off-season term. However, both companies essentially aren't budging, only letting me intern during the summer. For me, the internship pay is not as important. I'm prioritizing return offer rates, name value on my resume, location (I'd prefer the Bay over SD), as well as TC as a new grad.

In my eyes, I see the pros of both companies as:

* Apple - better return offer rates, better name value on resume (?)
* Meta - better location, better new grad pay, tighter community with other new grads within Meta campus

In the case that I can only do one internship,

1. Should I continue interviewing with Meta? Or should I be content with Apple?
2. If it were you, which company would you choose to intern at, and why?
Hi! I got the OA for this, and I've never done it before for Meta. First time doing a MAANG OA, any advice? I know there are 4 questions of varying difficulty, and I'm using Leetcode to help prepare but any advice by people that took it recently would be appreciated! Thank you.
Did anyone move to interviews yet? if so, how was it!
What is the BEST way to prepare for my Meta phone screens for the SWE Intern position? What questions should I do? What leetcode lists? What topics? Any advice from people who went through the process in the past would be much appreciated, thank you so much.
Problem #3 from the OA literally fucked me so hard
I graduate in a week and I just got contacted by Meta that I made it through to their technical assessment - not a technical phone screen but instead a CodeSignal assessment for December 12 and then an in-person assessment, should I do well on CodeSignal. (Only 2 rounds for Meta?) This is for a University Grad Entry Level Software Engineering role at Meta.

&#x200B;

I have a background in Electrical Engineering and have not touched DSA, really in about a year! ;-; I am very nervous. I am able to comfortably do LeetCode easy within 15 minutes and can do LeetCode mediums with some patience - but I have not practiced LeetCode hard or DP yet. I intend to study all of the Meta prep material (videos, problems, etc) but I was wondering if anyone could give some advice on what is most beneficial to be prepared?  


Assuming I do well on the CodeSignal Assessment, I intend to continue the grind to be prepared for the in-person interview. I would literally cry if I even made it that far.
Adobe, Meta, Stripe, Palantir, Tiktok, Netflix, it goes on. 

These are a few companies that have released 2024 Grad Roles as of recently (Sept-Now), though these companies among many others seem to be ghosting everyone. 

Obviously, they are hiring. In a CS discord I am in, I consistently see people reporting interviews, offers, even rejections (which for many of my apps I haven't even gotten, just silence). 

So, to those getting responses at these big tech / faang+ / fintech places, what the hell does your resume look like LOL.

In the current job market, is it a futile effort to try to score these companies if I don't have a faang internships, multiple hackathons or top 20 school? 

I have offers, thankfully, but as someone who wants to shoot for the moon and is motivated beyond belief to get where he wants, is my best shot just working for 12-24 months at my best offer and shooting for these other jobs afterwards?  

Most of my applications got ghosted/rejected after 3 months, but I got numerous recruiter emails (meta, palantir, citadel, etc) from companies I didn't apply to that actually got me interviews. The current offer I accepted was also initiated with recruiter contact, and they're paying me high 50s per hour. I've done a single OA this semester. Does anyone have a similar experience?

I have the first technical screen with Meta in January. I am a software engineer (3 YoE) coding in Java. I stopped leetcoding around 3 months ago due to burnout and my current job isn't technically challenging so I don't get to do a lot of big tech stuff. Can I get some tips or probably a roadmap to help me in the interview preparation? The recruiter told me that I will be tested on DSA, problem solving and CS fundamentals (all of which are rusty). I also expressed interest in machine learning and distributed systems so I'm guessing I'll be questioned on those as well. Any help is appreciated. TIA
This is for SWE intern OA

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/18b3ze8)
Hi, csMajors community, I'm a senior graduating this December. I got an offer to work at a pretty big investment bank for their graduate tech program, the base salary is 85k, and the location is in the RTP triangle area, so I would say MCOL? I'm actually really interested in finance and go to a school in NYC, so my ideal career goal is to go into fintech, but I heard that IB back office has outdated technologies... Should I take the offer or continue applying for companies like FAANG and Bloomberg (I think Microsoft and Meta just reopened)?
How was it? How hard was it
Hello! I was looking at Meta University engineering summer 2024 and I was going through the application and I only submitted my personal information and nothing like an essay or anything. Is there something I’m missing?
How long did it take for you to hear back? Applied months ago....guessing it's a no, but still would like a response lol
I've been looking into internships or programs for this upcoming summer but haven't had any luck. I've applied to Microsoft's first year one as well as Meta but obviously, my chances are low. Are there any opportunities I should look into as a backup? Being an international student is a disadvantage contributor in this field in terms of searching for jobs. I'm worried right now as a freshman because CS is competitive and I want to build my luck for later on in my career. Any help is much appreciated! Thank you in advance!
Meta return SWE or Microsoft SWE internship?
Both at their various headquarters! 
Junior in college.
One more internship to go after this.
What would be your deciding factors?
I have a recruiter call session from Meta for a new grad position next week. What should I expect/how do I impress? Also I was told that they want to discuss my future goals. Idk, my goal is to not get laid off? How to answer such questions?

“Hello,

My name is {{ }}, a university recruiter at Meta. I’m reaching out because we think you’d be a good fit for Meta’s Software Engineering Internship. Please let me know if you would be interested in continuing with the process.

In the meantime, please let me know if you have any impeding offers. 

“

Did anyone else get this email? I assume it’s because I applied to Meta University last year? Also is anyone interviewing with meta rn for SWE intern or doing OA ? How hard is it?
Suppose I get into Stanford's online CS masters program and I study while working my new grad SWE job. How worth would it be? I will have an undergraduate CS degree and a SWE job. But I want a better  one within a few years (ex. Google, Meta, HFT). I don't want the extra work but I feel like sitting around waiting for a better job is not a smart idea. Especially for the HFTs, I might need refreshers on some CS concepts to pass the interviews. Stanford is a good name but I wouldn't get research experience.

What do you guys think? 
Hello! I have an interview coming up for a Data Engineering- Analytics Internship at Meta. I was wondering if anyone here has gone through this already, and if so, what types/difficulty levels of questions may be asked, or if anyone has any insight on the overall process. I’m assuming it’ll be Leetcode-esque questions, but since it’s not SWE I just want to make sure I’m preparing correctly. Thank you!
Has freshman gotten replies for meta uni or Microsoft explore or google step?
Has anyone done the 1st round interview with Meta for the summer SWE internship? This is the round after the OA. What types of problems and/or difficulty of problems can I expect?
I applied to the Meta University Summer 2024 Engineering Internship and received a confirmation email about the submission of my application the same day (November 8). However, when checking through the career profile of the corresponding email, it says no current applications are present. I can’t find evidence of my application anywhere. Does this mean I was already taken out of consideration?
So after 3 months waiting, I FINALLY received a rejection, for the Central area (which I was referred and applied on the day it came out). The other twos are still there (Atlanta and Mountain View), but it gave no hope now. Have not heard back from Google Step, Meta Uni, Morgan Stanley, rejected from Netflix and a whole bunch of other companies. Seriously, what’s wrong with this market? 
P/s: checked my portal at the middle of the night and can’t sleep now. Damn you Msft :) Yeah, I meant it.
I came across Meta's "Coding Interview Preparation" course:  
[https://www.coursera.org/learn/coding-interview-preparation?action=enroll](https://www.coursera.org/learn/coding-interview-preparation?action=enroll)  


As someone who sucks at leetcode and probably technical interviews, I'm curious if its worth the time. Has anyone taken it and has any thoughts on it?
I received a Meta Referral from an employee and an email to fill out out a referral form but none of the internships I applied for are listed on the positions tab. Does anyone know what's going on?
Hey guys,

I got sent a codesignal for Meta New Grad today, if anyone took it or knows about it -- Is it just the GCF? It doesn't allow me to send an old score. How much does performance on the codesignal matter this year?

Thanks guys
Has anyone taken this before ? How did you prepare and what level difficulty lc wise was it ?

is hiring for all dates begun or they are prioritizing January start dates? 
I've always perceived this subreddit as highly toxic, but I've recently realized that Blind actually takes toxicity to a whole new level. It's not just about the toxicity in general, but the kind of people it reveals – a more severe form of toxicity than even Reddit.

On Blind, there's a disturbing focus among many users on total compensation (TC), with extreme views like considering a $300,000 annual salary as nearly poverty. A specific post I stumbled upon there really showcases the deplorable human qualities that seem rampant on the platform.

My unproven theory about the tech industry, particularly SWE, is that this environment fosters a sort of tunnel vision where professionals become so engrossed in excelling at their work – either out of self-discipline or as a crutch for inadequate social skills – that they lose sight of other human qualities. Once they achieve high salaries, the emptiness in their personal lives becomes apparent, contributing to their transformation into rather unpleasant individuals.

you can view the post here: 
https://www.teamblind.com/post/I-am-unethical-KeOV1pFs
Hey, did anybody give the codesignal assessment for meta? What was the level of the questions asked? 
So the program is requesting me to submit my college transcript, but I haven't finished the semester and the grades aren't in yet. What should I do? I don't want to miss the deadline for this application!
Anyone interview for Meta SWE internship before? What is the typical interview process like? Leetcode technicals and behavioral or anything else?
Has anyone taken this year's OA for Meta yet? What types of questions are asked? Are both assessments technical?

Update: 70 min long 4 questions easy -> med -> med -> hard
I signed my bloomberg offer like a month ago at this point, but I just got a recruiter reachout from meta. Trying to decide if it's worth it to go through with it, given stability issues. Also, if I do go through with it, they seem to want to know if I have any offer deadlines or if I'm interviewing with other companies? Should I mention bloomberg at all?

edit: this is for new grad
has anyone heard back from them?
I honestly hate people who make you feel like shit deliberately. This includes people who lie about action steps ie “i heard back from Meta SWE intern with an interview two days ago” when in reality they haven’t even given OA’s and reached out yet, according to my friend who is still on return offer processing from last summer.

You guys are actually horrible people and idk why you do that. it makes other people deliberately feel like shit
https://www.metacareers.com/jobs/695829025813663/

Pe is swe with a different name.  Same pay scale.
i only know of these and duolingo thrive, but i'm looking to apply to these types of introductory programs since i'm not qualified enough to apply to a normal SWE internship. i'm a sophomore but also a beginner to cs and would like to apply to programs like these!
Applied to Microsoft last year and got ghosted. Applied this September and didn’t hear anything. Got inspired by my friends to cold message on LinkedIn. Messaged about 10 recruiters a copy and pasted message. Got invited to an interview 2 days later. Similar story with meta only I didn’t apply that long ago and the turnaround was quicker. The recruiter I messaged actually responded in less than an hour, and I got an email for a screening the same day. This all took place in about a 2 hour timeframe. My resume is ok but not special, interned at a consulting company last summer and I go to a T20-ish school.
Or any other kind of group chat?
Anyone get an OA for meta 2024 SWE (not university) internship?
I have been hearing this lately I'm just wondering if it's true.
I recently was referred by someone at Meta and in the email it asks you to choose 1-3 positions you would like that referral to apply to rather than applying directly from their site. 

However I am trying to input 2 internship positions (both which i have checked and are still open) but they dont show up in the portal. Is it possible that Meta isn't allowing referrals for (non-PhD) internship positions?  


&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/wugiv0860e0c1.png?width=833&format=png&auto=webp&s=ab26e993db1045eee568844f578f0e68ef8acb0e
Hi, I tried to submit the Meta University internship many times today and the application can't be submitted successfully.  Does anyone else have the same issue as me?  Thank you,
I can't submit the intern application of Meta University - Engineering and I tried several times and still can't submit.  Anyone has the same issue as me?
Has anybody received the codesignal for Meta University ?
applied last week and was wondering if i should still stay on copium
Hi my fellow CS Majors,

I used to be a regular member of this subreddit till last year. Since then I have had a very good year and am writing this post to share my experience.

**TLDR:**

So now I am headed for Meta,  with H1B in my bag, to join as MLE2 (E4)  one year after Meta called me to say we won't be able to extend SWE (E3) offer due to "Economic Headwinds".

* Packing my bags for the third time this year and the seventh time in four years.  :-(
* I am excited about the team I am going to join and do impactful work. :-)

## My Background:

* **Undergrad**: Top 10 univ in India, NLP research exp, 2 low quality papers, Founded a seed-funded IoT startup \[now defunct\]
* Worked at Big Tech in India as a Full Stack SWE for 1.5 yrs \[Hated it\]
* **Masters:** T20 US univ. published 2 decent papers in NLP.
* **2022 Summer Intern:** Meta Ads Core ML

## Job Hunting 2022

I think of all the companies that failed to give PPOs to interns Meta was the best. At that point in time, I was really upset but rather than letting us know at the end of the internship or rescinding months later they told us early. This helped in my prep.

In August of 2022 when I was job hunting most tech companies had gone into a hiring freeze due to the inflation and drop in Ad revenues. At that time it was beneficial in identifying companies that did not depend on the consumer. There was a higher rate of response from these companies.

This included B2B/B2G companies like C3AI, Palantir, Mathworks, and Bloomberg.Also got interviews from self-driving Truck companies Embark and TuSimple (Both these companies imploded later).Tiktok was offering interviews to all Meta rejects as they wanted to hire 7000 employees in 1 year. Meta interns/laid-offs were a very good fit.

I had completed my interviews by October. I got Bloomberg SWE1 and C3AI Forward Deployed Eng 2 in the same week. I leveraged these offers to get myself up-leveled to MLE2 at Tiktok.

Due to its poor WLB reputation and high bar, very few ppl actually join Tiktok. Hence they pay top-notch compensation (even if I exclude the 55k/yr ByteDance stock it was a solid number).

I joined Tiktok Video Recommendation Team for the compensation (duh) and area of work. To C3AI and Bloomberg I informed them that I would join in the summer. This was done to insure myself against any lay-offs and get three companies to apply for H1B visas.

I joined in early Jan 2023 and would love to go into the experience at TikTok but it would make this post too long.

Overall, my experience was quite positive and I would recommend my org to anyone interested in ML in recommender systems ("The Tiktok Algorithm" Team).

## H1B Drama

This year's H1B lottery was brutal with only a 14% success rate for US Masters. Even with 3 companies applying (TikTok, C3AI, Bloomberg), I was lucky to get picked. Bloomberg petition got picked. Going to Bloomberg meant I had to take a demotion to SWE1 and cut my compensation in half. However, H1B lets me stay in the US job market in the longer term.

I hoped that I would go to Bloomberg in August and then return to Tiktok in November once I had transitioned to H1B.  Explained my situation to my manager he said that he could not keep a head count open for 4 months. He would love to give me an interview if there were openings.

I packed my bags and moved to NY to join Bloomberg to secure H1B.

## Job Hunting 2023

I tried to give Bloomberg a chance but although its a pretty decent company and some might like it there, it was not what I wanted.With 1.5 yrs exp as SWE at Big Tech, and 8 months at TikTok looking for mid-level ML positions is not easy (I kept Bloomberg off the resume to reduce confusion). In a market full of experienced folks it was not easy.

Interviewing while working at Bloomberg was hard. My manager wanted me to come in every day as I was a trainee (They will not assign me a permanent team till Feb 24). Bloomberg meeting rooms have transparent walls, so my solution was to run to a WeWork in mid town during lunch to give interviews.

I was able to get interviews from Cruise and an LLM startup through my contacts. Cruise did me dirty, they said it was not a CV interview (generic ML role) and then gave me a CV system design interview.

The LLM startup had 5 rounds the first two were 45 min coding rounds. Each with 2 hards. I was able to do 3/4. The 4th question my brain just stopped working for some reason.

## Social Media Compnies

The Social Media companies were the ones that were showing interest in my resume (Thanks Tiktok). Tech companies have laid off recruiters so a lot of initial scouting is being done by managers on Linkedin. I got Linkedin Premium and regularly messaged every relevant opening. that's how I got the rest of the interviews.

Pinterest/ Snap reached out to me for an HR screen and then rejected me for MLE-2 position for lack of experience.

Meta, and Reddit decided to interview me.

**Meta (MLE2 E4):**

Screening round 45 mins, 2\*LC Medium

Onsite

* LC: 2 rounds 45 mins each. (3 mediums and 1 hard)
* System Design: The question was not too hard (I have rec sys exp) but had a lot of followups, drill downs)
* Behavioral: I just honestly told him about my Tiktok Experience and he seemed to be impressed.

**Result**: All strong hires, went to team matching and signed offer. Negotiated hard and made Meta match pre-layoff Tiktok Salary.

**Reddit (Senior MLE) :**

They first said you are too inexperienced for Senior, let's try SWE3 (E4 equivalent). I did really well in my screening round the interviewer himself said I did not expect such thorough answers.

The HR said based on your performance we are gonna consider you for Senior MLE. (yay!)

Onsite:

* Coding round: Easy, finished on time.
* Data Scientist Cross-functional Round: went decently.
* Product Manager Cross-functional  Round: Actually a behavioural Round, poker-faced interviewer so idk how it went.
* ML System Design Round: The question asked me to do what I worked on in TikTok. In my opinion, I knocked it out of the park. One of my best interview performances.

**Result:** Rejected for poor performance in the System Design round. WTAF!

**Disclaimer:** I have been really fortunate over the last year. This post's goal is not to brag but to share my journey, lessons learned, and observations. Hope it provides you with positivity among a barrage of demotivating content.

If you want me to write posts on TikTok, Bloomberg, why I chose Recommender Systems over NLP/CV, or MLE Interview prep do leave a comment.  


PS: Do not DM me, ask your questions bellow. The community can all benefit from each other's questions.
Hi, I can't seem to apply through the career page link I got in a referral email to the 2024 SWE job listing. It doesn't show up as a valid job ID, but there are most other jobs listed. Anyone had luck with a referral?
you already know they only taking like 5 interns and giving none of them a return offer LMFAO
I've probably applied to over 200-300 companies this recruiting season and I just haven't heard back from anywhere. No interviews, nothing. I've gotten OA's and done pretty well on them. I have networked my ass off and gotten referrals for multiple big tech companies(Riot, Adobe, LinkedIn, Amazon, Twitch, Meta) but they have led nowhere. What more can I be doing to get internships? My info: student at t20 CS university, senior but I'm graduating late in Spring 2025, US citizen.   


My resume:   


https://preview.redd.it/3ctfmmysu6zb1.png?width=612&format=png&auto=webp&s=7e6a33741394343825ba016fb342eeeaa358df09
I just applied to Meta swe intern/co op last night, was wondering if they have off season as well as it mentioned co-op. I'm specifically looking for off season rn, also wondering if I got auto rejected as someone here already got OA 30 min after app and I haven't yet. 
So I tried applying for the SWE internship and I get a message saying, "You can't use this feature now" followed by , "We limit how often you can post, comment, or do other things in a given amount of time to help protect the community from spam. You can try again later." I'm confused since this is the first time I am on this link and applying to the internship. Is this happening to anyone else?
Is this happening to anyone else? When I try to submit my Meta application it says the action is blocked in an attempt to prevent spam. When I press the button saying that I don't think this action should be blocked, it takes me to a not-found webpage lol

&#x200B;

Skill issue?
 I'm a first year student in the US applying for the Summer 2024 Meta university internship. Can I apply through a referral or the position doesn't allow referrals? 
Has anyone applied to the Meta internship yesterday and still haven't received the OA? Seeing some people on here get it after a couple hours 😭
Hi! Just received an OA for Meta SWE Intern 2024 (just applied \~30 min ago) - was wondering if anyone else has received yet? Also was wondering if anyone that took in the past could give any pointers / advice (this is my first time going through Meta's process)? Thanks! And good luck to everyone else that got OA / just applied!
Anybody received Meta OA? Is it codesignal or hackerrank?
seems like Meta is not offering product design internships for 2024. Just got an email from my recruiter stating due to that, I obviously don’t have a return offer in place for next year. Was pretty bummed out at first but I realize there’s other opportunities & Meta isn’t the only company to work for. Staying positive and onto new things. But, it does look pretty promising for software engineering interns though for next year
I graduated in April with a Statistics degree from a top school with an internship on data science at Meta and I’ve still not been able to get a job. At first I was getting interviews/OA and not passing them, now I’m getting no response at all. I am extremely frustrated and I don’t know what to do. Any advice will be appreciated?
[https://www.meta.com/referrals/link/dragonnight444](https://www.meta.com/referrals/link/dragonnight444)
[https://www.meta.com/referrals/link/dragonnight444](https://www.meta.com/referrals/link/dragonnight444)
With LinkedIn premium, you can get insights into what the applicants for a certain job look like under the job listing with the heading "See how you compare to other applicants". I really only started paying attention to it after LinkedIn started putting "Over 150 applicants" on every listing instead of the actual number, because it's the only way you can actually see how many people actually hit apply for a specific job. It has the "seniority level" (entry-level, senior, associate, etc.), general location of applicants, and a couple other insights.

One of these headings is "Applicant education level" which allegedly shows you what kind of degree the applicants have. The highest estimate I can find for how many SWEs have masters' degrees is around [23%](https://www.statista.com/statistics/793568/worldwide-developer-survey-level-formal-education/) of all US developers. To me that seems high, as I can't think of a single SWE I've ever worked with that has a master's, but I suppose it's possible.

I went on LinkedIn job search and searched "Software Engineer" with no filters and what I found shocked me. These jobs weren't cherry picked, just the first five listings I found:

* Take [this](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3746782625/) totally normal entry/mid-level Salesforce Developer job. On site, 100+ applicants in a week. According to LinkedIn 65% of those applicants have a Master's Degree.
* [This](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3727132213) Meta position has 55% Master's degree applicants.
* [This](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3733187100) completely unremarkable on-site dev job has 52% Master's degree applicants
* [This](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3736813305) high-paying on-site job is $92 an hour, but 73% of applicants have a master's degree, so why bother?
* [This](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3745696023) job only has 27 applicants, but 76% have a master's degree. And a further 12% have a master's degree in business administration. So, 88%. 22% Have a bachelor's degree, and 3% have other degrees.

After checking the first 25 results on the first page, only 2 had less than 40% master's degree applicants. [This](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3745699789) job was the lowest with 33% of applicants having a master's degree, which is still significantly higher than the national average of SWEs with master's degrees. The average amount of applicants with SWEs was 59%. What the fuck.

I encourage anyone here with LinkedIn premium to do the same. Maybe this is just me, after all? I'll show my work in the the comments because this post is already getting long. If this is real, what does this mean for a normal guy like me (and I imagine most of you) who just got a normal Bachelor's in Computer Science? Should I go back to school? Any explanation for this at all other than "market crazy lol" would be helpful.

(X-post from r/cscareerquestions, I think this question works way better there, but whatever you say mods)
Hey does anyone know when/if meta, spodify, airbnb are going to open swe internships this year? Did I miss them?? I’m so confused lol
I was referred by a person in LinkedIn. Will i received an email from meta where i have to fill up the application form.
I'm a final year CS grad and I'm trying to understand how to navigate the conversation with Hiring Managers for landing an interview at FAANG Companies. I've been lucky to have established connections with several hiring managers, and I consistently reach out to them for potential positions via email and LinkedIn. 

One thing I've noticed is that reaching out to HR often has a very low reply rate but leads to an interview call (which is understandable because they are already bombarded with so many emails and messages) However when I connect with hiring managers, I usually get a better reply rate. But, I'm struggling with how to navigate the conversation towards securing interviews.

For instance, I once reached out to a hiring manager at FAANG for SWE internship, and they kindly asked me to apply and schedule an interview in the coming week (although, unfortunately, it didn't work out due to visa sponsorship constraints). Similarly, when I contacted another HM for an entry-level position, I expressed my interest, and they advised me to apply through the provided link. I did that and also inquired about visa sponsorship. In touch with a lot of Meta HMs and they mentioned the profile is good but they aren't hiring for entry-level positions. 

My question is, how can I finesse this whole "expressing interest" thing to actually score more interviews? Every person I reach out to shares the application link, but I'm looking for ways to stand out and increase my chances of getting noticed. I generally talk about visa sponsorship. Or would it be better to apply and then reach out and ask for an update? (Which I don't think would be a good idea, coz it's the HR's job) I'm mostly reaching out to hiring managers of big tech & top-paying companies in Europe. 
I know Meta didn't even open their apps and Amazon didn't start giving out OAs in the US, but it seems like so many other competitive companies are done? Big sad
Hi y'all

&#x200B;

I wanted to hear y'alls thoughts on this:

So I applied to meta for this product management role, and I was able to find the recruiter via linkedin. I asked my friend who works for the company for her email and I emailed her to express my interest. She checked my linkedin the day after, but there was no response from the email. People started hearing back and get calls/emails from the recruiter (specifically her). Is it good to assume that I didn't get it? I sent her another email on monday but no linkedin check or anything :(
Hey Everyone

I'm Kunal, co-founder of InfraHive.

We're building a platform that allows us to have our own internal AI brain, ready to tackle complex data, analyse and launch a legion of AI agents that can act independently.

We're Silicon Valley based VC-backed startup with an impressive team from IITs to Meta and Ex-OpenAI, aiming to establish this community to explore the advance AI development Space around the world, find jobs at early stage AI companies and how to get started with LLM Development space with the dedicated resources.

In the near future, AI and LLM are not just options; they're necessities for a career on the fast track. Salaries in AI are soaring, with some roles reaching a whopping 8-9 Crores annually. These fields aren't just about jobs; they're about stepping into a world of limitless possibilities. If you haven't explored AI and LLM, now's the time. Your extraordinary career is ready to be written.

Join our Discord Community - [https://discord.gg/UYBhA4Df7m](https://discord.gg/UYBhA4Df7m)
Compared with Google, Meta and Amazon, how’s MSR acceptance compared with these companies’ intern? I will do the LLM in the research group.
Has one received interviews for Meta’s RPM program yet?
I've read a couple of posts on reddit which mostly weighs towards using python for interviews but some do say going with the language that you're comfortable with would be beneficial, although these posts are a couple of years past. This post intends to get perspective of the current and future market trends amidst the whole recession thing going on right now. 

I'm a final year undergrad mostly used Java and Go and I am inclining towards shifting from Java to Python for interviews (SDE, SWE etc), BUT, I came across some comments which said that if they are solving Leetcode problems only then they would prefer python, otherwise they prefer sticking with what they're comfortable with. So I'm wondering if I'm preparing just for the big MNC's like Google, Meta, DataDog, Amazon, Apple, Netflix etc. should I prefer python or java (considering the fact that the job description is fine with using any language). What would help me clear the interview/HR rounds of these big tech companies? Java which is good for backend and prod but is more verbose or Python which is a lot easier to write.

PS:I haven't used Python much but I'm ready to switch away from Java IF it is beneficial to get me in MNCs. I've got approximately 6 months to prepare.
such as meta, uber, square and so many more
Has anybody heard back?

edit: I heard back on Friday, October 13, at the end of the day. Applied October 2nd

edit2: here’s my timeline

- applied october 2

- heard back october 13

- recruiter call october 19

- first round interviews october 20

- heard back to schedule final round november 6

- final rounds on november 16th
I have a Meta phone screen interview, any tips and tricks ? any idea what type of questions they will ask?

  
1.5 year exp at other FAANG company
I’ve been working at various places full time the entire time I’ve been in college/high school - managing a Taco Bell, supervisor at a factory, doing some desktop support, and a few months ago I started a Jr .NET dev role. I was still working through my CS degree on the side because I knew I wanted better someday.

Well, that’s all changed!

Went from 58k to 105k today, with only 4 months of experience and an associates degree. (Add a year if you count the desktop support job/IT Automation through PowerShell and building internal web apps)

Got headhunted by a startup when they were doing SEO testing because I’d made a prototype of their product several months ago while looking for my last job. They found me through my GitHub lol

Beat out people from Google, Meta etc. by being extremely competent and they flew me out to SF from the Midwest! I’m so excited and honestly I cannot believe how lucky I am, it wasn’t pure chance but kinda felt like it.

It’s been nice being here and the pedal-to-the-medal grind I put myself through wouldn’t have happened if I didn’t see the degree that you all push yourselves to here. See y’all in r/cscareerquestions!
Does anyone know when the applications will open for Meta U for summer 2024? Or when they have opened in previous years?
Hi, I just finished a SWE internship but the company is still unsure of return offers. was pretty confused by the economy this year (no microsoft, meta new grad postings) .  Could 2023 interns please post whether their company is extending return offers or is new grad hiring just completely dead right now? also does anyone have any insight on whether things are expected to get any better later on in the season
I feel like most top tier companies open and close before I even hear about it. How do you guys find out that meta or smth opened without checking their website everyday?
basically the title, especially in comparison to their normal SWE internships

Is this factual? Do I have to wait for 3 months now?
Like Facebook is literally called meta now. Netflix is ass now (good company culture still). Where tf is Microsoft?
Have they closed or not even opened yet? I haven’t seen anything on the careers website and I’ve been checking pretty regularly since Aug.
If Meta wants to hire new grads, why not find someone who is willing to work for $100K/year instead of paying $200K+/year? If there are so many overqualified CS majors that can't find a job, won't wages decrease for these jobs?
Does google step reject you if you’re overqualified? Same for other internships like Microsoft Explore, Meta University, etc.
Are meta SE internships applications closed for summer 2024 already? I can't see any applications for SE but I see some for other positions.
I already accepted my C1 TIP offer, so I would need to renege. I have a Datadog Winter offer already so I don't care too much about a return offer from either of these (assuming I get one for DDOG). Which would be better resume wise. This is my last internship before I graduate.

I'm leaning towards Atlassian because its an actual tech company, but I heard the culture has detrioated a lot at Atlassian the past 2 years from the managers from Meta and Amazon.

&#x200B;

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/16onxau)
I am trying to applying through referral but I am not able to add desired position in referral form but the position is available on meta careers. Anyone else facing same issue ?
When are they opening the applications for Meta University internship (sophomore summer internship)?
Has anyone gotten an update / timeline as to when they will let us know about potential new grad offers ?
I am an international student that is going to be studying in the USA from spring semester. Can Yall suggest me on what courses I should take to get job at big companies like meta, Microsoft, google. And any other suggestions please help me out 🙏
I have been searching on where to apply but I can't find any place for that. Does that mean they haven't opened yet or the positions have been filled? 

Also what are some other places for internship for first year students apart from Google Step, Meta. 







I.e. Apple/Meta have hybrid situations but in cases where employees plan to visit family or travel for 3-4 weeks plus, do companies allow employees to work remotely from other countries?

I just applied to the Technical Support Specialist role on linkedin and in a flurry added/messaged every recruiter I could find in an effort to learn more about it or get on the fast track to a talk/interview and I realized that maybe someone here might work there and could offer some advice? 

I am a former felon and unfortunately breaking into tech will always be a bit more difficult for someone of my background but I have the skills and determination to do well in that particular role. Hope someone here can help.

[Link to job description](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3341494904)

I can forward you my resume and my linkedin profile.
Let's look back at some memorable moments and interesting insights from last year.

**Your top 10 posts:**

* "[Get that backend done!](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/rkwn6j)" by [u/AlistairVigier](https://www.reddit.com/user/AlistairVigier)
* "[4,000 Google cafeteria workers quietly unionized during the pandemic](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/x6i6rr)" by [u/jonfla](https://www.reddit.com/user/jonfla)
* "[Silicon Valley layoffs are a reminder that your job won’t love you back](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/ysd371)" by [u/magenta\_placenta](https://www.reddit.com/user/magenta_placenta)
* "[Facebook layoffs are a reminder that your job won’t love you back](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/yu3kec)" by [u/jonfla](https://www.reddit.com/user/jonfla)
* "[Pro-Ukraine Demonstrators Call for Silicon Valley Boycott of Russia](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/t86h6y)" by [u/Chipdoc](https://www.reddit.com/user/Chipdoc)
* "[California one step closer to establishing high-speed rail with Silicon Valley to Merced line](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/uur0ub)" by [u/Harley109](https://www.reddit.com/user/Harley109)
* "[My dad is tech veteran, having worked in the Silicon Valley from the '70s until '01. He wrote about what the early days of tech and what The Valley was like before the Dot Com Bust.](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/v8v0z3)" by [u/necroskiss](https://www.reddit.com/user/necroskiss)
* "[More Than 400 Guns Collected In Santa Clara County Gun Buyback](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/uxjifi)" by [u/Harley109](https://www.reddit.com/user/Harley109)
* "[Trapped in Silicon Valley’s Hidden Caste System - Born in a cowshed in India, Siddhant now works for Meta in California. But he hides his background as a Dalit and fears he can never reveal his true self](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/t521ez)" by [u/magenta\_placenta](https://www.reddit.com/user/magenta_placenta)
* "[Student Strike in Oakland to Close Schools Due to COVID](https://www.reddit.com/r/siliconvalley/comments/s77r3q)" by [u/WSWS-Brian\_Gene](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSWS-Brian_Gene)
How does stock based compensation work in Silicon Valley? Do the companies give stocks upfront which can be sold in the market immediately, or there is a vesting period (how many years)? Or are they given as stock options (if so, how does it count in compensation)?

Visiting the area and would like to confirm if any of the following are still open to the public to visit:

Apple Park
GooglePlex
Meta
Tesla Showroom in Fremont
Intel museum 

If I missed any must-sees, please let me know.
 

This is just a curious take of how does stock compensations really work from an employee and business owner stand point?

Looking at [levels.fyi](https://levels.fyi/) the salaries are divided into 3 divisions: base, stock and bonus  
These are my assumption:

Base is given to employees after dividing it by 12 and paid monthly  
Bonus might be quarterly, biyearly or yearly  
And stock has a lock-in period for x number of months.

Considering Meta which has a payout of 25% for 4 years, does it indicate one can cash out at year end (or at the end of the month)?

What is the benefit of the company to issue shares instead of cash? Doesn't the employee have a lot to lose in case he/she switches companies, as the stock payout gets accumulated? Isnt the employee at loss in case the company goes through its downs, as he/she has control over its work and not in the success of the entire company, which is what he works for?  
Also how does company **GENERATE** those shares? Share is the proportional ownership of the company. During an FPO, the company issues new batch of shares **from the market** from retail, institutions and anchor investors? Where does the company generate the equity to pass it on to the employee?

Going by this article as Elon Musk too is an employee of a company [Here’s Why Elon Musk Was Really The Highest-Paid CEO In 2020 (forbes.com)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/sergeiklebnikov/2021/05/06/elon-musk-made-billions-in-2020-every-other-ceo-made-millions/?sh=4e9d127d6f93) , it says "In all, the pay package entitles Musk to options that will give him the right to buy a total of 101.2 million Tesla shares at a split-adjusted price of $70 per share. (Tesla shares currently trade north of $670 apiece.)", which I am guessing a key employee can buy ownership at a cheaper rate. Maybe the way Elon does it is by selling his current stake for liquidity to buy more of it since his cash payment is 0$.

Does that mean that stock payment mechanism of senior management and employee is the same, buy cheap at a future rate? The move seems motivated by the hiring company to make sure that the employee stays long, but in terms of sr management who is there to keep such people in check as it is sure that Chairman/CEOs will only put their friends in key positions enabling them to please the boss to keep their jobs (with obvious reactions from the market)?
I'm a huge geek/nerd when it comes to seeing tech company buildings/logos. I listed out pretty much most of the company buildings/headquarters in the valley. What are the Must-Go ones and which ones are closed off or that I missed?

* Apple (Cupertino)
   * Steve Jobs Garage
* Google (Mountain View)
   * YouTube (San Bruno)
   * LinkedIn (Sunnyvale)
* Microsoft (Mountain View)
* Amazon Lab 126 (Sunnyvale)
* eBay (San Jose)
* Netflix (Los Gatos)
* Zoom (San Jose)
* Adobe (San Jose)
* Sony (San Mateo)
* Tesla (Fremont)
* Intel (Santa Clara)
* AMD (Santa Clara)
* NVIDIA (Santa Clara)
* Meta, Instagram (Menlo Park)
* Twitter (San Francisco)
* Uber (San Francisco)
* Yahoo (Sunnyvale)
* Visa (San Francisco) 
* PayPal (San Jose)
* NIO (San Jose)

I wish they kept the thumb sign. Many people don't realize that famous landmarks such as the Hollywood Sign or Golden Gate Bridge were not originally intended to be famous landmarks or icons. Silicon Valley barely has any iconic landmarks and this is just upsetting that something people actually would go out of their way to take photos of had to be changed.




































































































Unemployed since June.

I'm beyond frustrated.  
I barely land interviews, and when I do, it's always the same story: "*Thanks, but others were better / closely matched the JD*."  
Seriously, what gives?

I'm sick of the vague feedback, or that the other person has closer experience/skills to the JD etc and feeling like I'm not good enough.  
What am I doing wrong?  
 What are these "better candidates" bringing that I'm not?  
How do you get past this stage!!!!

This cycle of disappointment is driving me nuts.

Anyone else been through this?  
Let's commiserate because I can't be the only one tearing my hair out over this!?!?!  


***EDIT:*** Just to also add,  I've interviewed in the last year for creative/tech type roles at Accenture, Meta, EY, UCL + other smaller companies– solid opportunities.   
I know I'm qualified. !
Laid off from Meta 6 months now after a decade there. Hadn’t looked for a job because I took time off. Applied to Netflix role (contract) and was reached out to same day and I was interviewed right away. They are going to give me an offer.

Here are some factors and wanted to get thoughts on if it’s better to take the role or not?

- I was making $215k at Meta and this role pays $150k. Most people in my industry are taking huge pay cuts right now so I think this is fairly the going rate right now. However I have seen some roles going for up to $180k but I haven’t gotten a response back yet. I do need the money though which is why I’m thinking of accepting.

- This role is 1 step back for me. It’s one title lower than what I was and not particularly what I care to do. I would only take a step back for a company I want to work at like Netflix, not for a smaller company. It’s not a huge step back so might be worth it for Netflix opportunity.

- It’s a contract role. Maybe I could be converted in the future and if converted, it’s all worth it because the pay rate at Netflix will dramatically increase to even higher than what I made at Meta. But there’s a chance I might not be converted also, which is ok to have 1 year of Netflix on my resume  

- I could decline and wait out for another role that’s full time but the competition is fierce out there and who knows how long I’ll be looking 

- Friends have told me to take Netflix and then quit if I land another role but I don’t feel comfortable burning that bridge at all. Netflix is a company I’ve always wanted to work at and our industry is small so I don’t want to tarnish my reputation. 

Thoughts? Should I take the step back and huge pay cut to take a contract role at Netflix or should I pass and hold out because the job market might get better in the new year as that’s when companies always go crazy on hiring?
Hi :) I work in a small business that sells furniture and interior. My current title is «Web manager» and I am responsible for the entire webshop. I have been part of setting it up, designing it, writing all the content, edited every photo (over 1000 products), and I redesigned the whole brand. 

I have improved the online store turnover with 433% compared to the year before I began.

But I feel my title doesnt quite cover all my responsibilities.

In addition to this, I also am responsible for all the marketing. I make campaigns on Meta, create videos and graphics, write content, make newsletters, make posters and all the material our physical stores require. 

So, technically I guess that I am also a graphic designer and marketer…

Thing is that I want a better job title that represents all the work that I do… I’m underpaid and overworked, but I want to try to take advantage of the situation somehow and work my way up to a better workplace, and I think a better title could help me with that later on. What do you think?

What was your experience like, and how long did the job last?
Hey business people!

I'm looking for someone who can help me generate quality leads for med-aesthetic businesses through Meta predominantly.

It's a super simple service, I'm just looking for someone who's the best at it

I'm open to paying $300-$400 per client worked on, $500 if you're outstanding.

Message me if you're interested.

To your success,

Eyad
I have posted this elsewhere too but I am really struggling to get any interview calls anywhere, I have a slightly non standard resume(some gaps + very good education + a startup that is not too profitable). I do not even know how I can get an honest assessment of what types of jobs recruiters may be interested in talking to me for, and no idea how to proceed. I have just screenshotted my resume, considering that I am applying in ML,AI space which is comparatively still hot, what is so wrong with my resume/skillset that I cannot land a single interview call with scores of applications  

https://preview.redd.it/7lxhsqm89kob1.jpg?width=2550&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=93f0211b7be42c218802f535880d286f17b9fcc7

https://preview.redd.it/sn6bitm89kob1.jpg?width=2550&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=20b1bc46cc4673710ea9173cc7c994ee3572925b
There is not a lot of info about this on Reddit or across the internet so I figured I’d post here. Has anyone been through the interview process for a non-technical role at Meta? Can you offer any advice to prepare?
Hello everyone, I hope you are all doing well. I wanted to share with you all that I, like many others in the world right now, am struggling to find work. Despite my best efforts to apply to countless job listings and network with professionals in my field, I have yet to secure a job offer. Please allow me to explain my situation and I would absolutely love to hear any and all suggestions for how to combat the situation I am in; I thank you in advance for the advice.  


* I am a 26M and I am not employed. I still live with my father (my mother passed away over a decade ago) I have been looking for work for the past two years while also gaining experience in the field I want to work in: user experience research. For those not in the know, user experience research refers to the study of learning what end users of a system or product need and want, and then employing those insights to enhance the design process for products, services, or software.
* I worked as a customer experience researcher, which is the idea of how your customers perceive your brand, based on their interactions with it. I worked in this profession in my college years, from 2016 to 2019. After graduating college, I thought about going to a graduate school to earn a degree in media psychology which is research and applications dealing with all forms of media technologies: traditional and mass media, such as radio, television, film, video, newsprint, magazines, music, and art as well as new and emerging technologies and applications, such as social media, mobile media, interface design. Then, COVID happened. Thankfully, the school I applied to was online, a major advantage. However, I felt like this degree was going to hold me back in terms of finding a job so I decided not to pursue this degree and instead go on a different path. This is when I discovered user experience (UX) research.
* I decided that this was going to be the way to go. At the time (2021), it was a growing field in which people who are in the field make a good living and it incorporates aspects of psychology, which is what I graduated with a BA in. Also, during the pandemic, I had the idea that remote work was going to be the way to go. I still hold true to this belief, but I am open to the idea of a hybrid work schedule. I think it is better for people's mindsets while also having benefits for the environment. You can ask people in the field and they mostly agree that working remotely is the way to go for the field going forward. But I am getting off track; let me get back to my story.
* I decided to pursue a career in UX research. But of course, I didn't know anything about it. This is where online schooling, specifically Coursera, came in. They offer a program involving UX research and design, which I took advantage of. Seven months later, I have a specialization certificate. It's non-credit, so does that hold me back a little? But just having a degree is one thing; if I believe the one thing employers value more than a piece of paper, it's the experience you have. Time for Phase 2.
* I looked around online and found several programs offering UX research experience for aspiring UX researchers. One project that I had the fortune to work on was to improve the user experience of a blockchain explorer project (keep in mind, this happened from Oct. 2022 - May 2023, before the world of crypto suffered a major hit with the bankruptcy and closure of FTX). It was an eye-opening experience, and I learned a lot from my time. Also, I discovered a subfield that combines two things I enjoy: UX research and video games. During my time with the blockchain explorer project, I was involved in a mentorship program that taught me the ins and outs of games user research. After discovering this whole new subfield, I now have a goal that I want to pursue. Then, the layoffs came.
* As some of you are aware, this year has not been good for tech jobs with mass layoffs from major tech companies like Meta, Apple, and Amazon. These layoffs have especially hit the UX research community hard as the field especially thrives in the tech field. The news of these layoffs has really put me in a state of depression, disappointment, and anger. It feels like I am getting ready to run a race, but I still haven't left the starting line. But I am still keeping the faith; I am going to work on another project starting next month that I will add to my portfolio. But for the time being, I have one major question that I need to have answered:

&#x200B;

I have a major gap in my resume that starts with the end of my time as a customer experience researcher (2019) to working on my first major UX research project (2022). Is there a way to explain to employers the reasoning for this gap? I have an idea of explaining this gap which includes going back to school and earning certificates in UX research and design while also taking courses in human-computer interaction. Also, during this time, I was struggling with my mental health. I have a history of mental health issues which I do not wish to discuss here but I want to know if it is worth being open on my resume. I know it is important to take care of one's health above everything else, but I also have the notion that it shows laziness on a person's resume. Please help me resolve this issue: I have been losing my mentality and sleep over this issue. I know it may not sound like a big deal, but to me, this is.

I hope that whoever has read this post has taken the time to read it thoroughly and can apply their experience to help out someone who is trying to make a name for themselves and finally experience the real world, but also provide for the one family member I have left and would be devastated if I could not help him. I apologize if this post went on a little too long but I am in a mix of frustration and depression and could use all the help I could need. Thank you and please take care of yourself.
Hello everyone!

I’ve been a lurker on this subreddit for a while; however, I haven't come across anyone in the same position that I’ve been in for the past year.

First of all, I'm a digital marketer (29m) based in London (UK) with 6+ years of experience. My portfolio boasts a wide array of past projects, complete with screenshots showcasing the impressive results I’ve achieved.

My skill set spans extensive areas like PPC (Google Ads, Meta), direct response copywriting, email marketing, growth hacking, and SEO. I've also meticulously documented my tangible achievements on my CV with specific, concrete examples.

A bit of context: I've been freelancing/contracting for the past few years. However, there's an unusual issue I've been grappling with.

I’ve applied to nearly 2000 jobs across platforms such as Linkedin and various job platforms. The primary reason behind my job search is the unpredictability of income while freelancing. Although the pay can be great, the lack of stability has prompted me to explore more consistent options.

With the rise of AI, competition has shifted. I often find myself competing with freelancers from other countries who offer lower rates on projects they bid for on platforms like Upwork. This has unfortunately led to fewer successful projects for me.

Out of all these applications, I've only managed to secure 2 interviews. The first interview, for a role paying 30k, was with a startup. During the interview, I discussed various growth hacking strategies I've employed in the past. However, they opted for another candidate, deeming me overqualified.

The second interview, for a role paying 40k, went well. Nevertheless, they ultimately chose a candidate who was already in their 3rd stage of interviews. It felt like I was their backup plan.

Initially, I aimed for roles in the 60k range, given my experience and past compensation. However, as desperation set in, I expanded my search to roles in the 20-25k range, with no success.

Out of curiosity, I took to LinkedIn and observed instances where candidates with much less experience or fresh graduates were hired over me. This left me perplexed and wondering about the missing piece of the puzzle.

I've sought advice from various recruiters who have reviewed my CV. Most of them suggested only minor changes, as they agreed my CV is strong. Their support added to my bewilderment regarding my inability to secure a job.

As things got more challenging, I even considered whether my foreign-sounding name might be a factor, despite my UK birth and native accent.

Given the severity of the situation, I’m now genuinely contemplating a career change. But the thought of stepping away from a field I've been in my entire professional life feels daunting.

I would greatly appreciate any advice you could offer or even a review of my CV. At this point, I'm struggling to understand why landing an interview, let alone a job, has proven so elusive.
I am working on looking for a new position, I know what I am good at and enjoy doing, but I am not sure what job role or title I should search for. I am hoping this reddit can help me based on the descriptions I provide. I do not expect a singular position will have me doing all of these things, but what roles/titles primarily do these things?

Context about me: I am currently a business analyst doing Scrum Master tasks, as well as a bit of the product owner duties, for a a financial company, in the agriculture sector. The company 'follows' SAFe (a partially implemented version at least). In the past I have been a report/process consultant, and a DBA/IT/catch all for a small aftermarket aviation company on their ERP system. I am self educated (no degree/certs). I am a quick learner, I was doing simple to mid SQL queries after 3 months of exposure to my first RDB, including importing/exporting large datasets, safe guarding relationships in the datasets. The industry doesn't matter to me, what I will be doing day in and day out does.

I am going to group the 'tasks' or activities by letter, so if you wanted to reply with 'Role/Title/Position: x,y,z' to indicate what descriptions match with what title. I have found the easier I make it to receive an answer or response, the more likely I will get one (in general, not just reddit). Thank you in advance for any input you may have!

A) Solution meeting facilitation: sitting in a meeting, listening to the issue and potential solutions, and then providing a succinct review of the problem being solved for, and the applicable solutions from those discussed, followed by action items. I am really good at this, and helping keep people on topic, and preventing long winded tangents. I wouldn't be responsible or accountable for the work, but as someone to help nail down the issue and next steps.

B) 'Simple' reports: This could be directly against a DB using select statements or stored procedures, or through Power BI. I really enjoy report writing. I have done report writing/dashboard creation in ServiceNow as well as Azure DevOPs. I also enjoyed doing SAP Crystal reports and using pascal in Report Builder that was embedded in an ERP built on an Oracle DB.

C) Standards creation and writing: I love getting into the different abstraction levels and finding the best logical organization of them for a specific context. Whether it is for folder hierarchy or page hierarchy with documentation storage, basic standardization around processes or platforms, etc. I love processes and figure them out. I also enjoy reading standards, I have the printed versions of ISO 11179-1 Meta Data Registries and ISO 704 Terminology Work - Principles and methods.

D) Documentation: This is a little trickier. I enjoy documenting standards and processes, how to's, etc. when I am familiar with the content that needs to be captured. I am also really good at cleaning up word dump guides into useful how to/documentation when the word dump has all the needed information and preferably a few screen shots. 

E) Explicitly focused research: one thing I really enjoy doing is researching to find an answer to an elusive but focused question. In the aviation company, there were time when trying to identify an old part I would have to find the manufacturers part sheet so I could then identify the accurate part number. Kind of like looking up your dishwasher's model number to get a list of the appropriate parts, identifying the part you want replaced and then searching for that specific part number. it doesn't have to be part related, it could be 'what REGEX (regular expression) will identify \[thing\] in this field' or 'I want this specific, how/what do I need to get it' type focused research.

&#x200B;

so- Anyone know what job title/role/position I should search for that would let me do these things most of the time? Again, thank you for taking the time to read, let alone respond! \^\_\^
Hi I am a 19(F) looking to start a career in tech. I don’t have the money for a degree so not going to do Uni. I need to move out of my parents house before the end of the year (not getting kicked out, just our family tradition to move out before 20). So I would like a better paying job. I currently making $2500, and with average rent at $1500, I need a higher paying job. But because I just graduated, I don’t have 10+ years experience every job application seems to have. So I’m just trying to see what my options can be. 
I am completing certificates on coursera (Google UX, Aws Cloud, Meta Backend, Google Project Manager; idk just wanted to cover my bases)
Here is my background:
My strongest programming language is Python. Learning Javescript, HTML, & CSS. I have designed a few websites and have made some clones of retro video games. I am a pretty strong writer (always got 90s in my essays) and I am a strong digital artist who has freelanced some graphic design work for friends.
So any ideas of what would be a good career for me to pursue?
I have been applying for Translational medicine senior scientist, project manager, Senior biologist jobs at phamaceutical companies. I don't seem to be able to get a response back. Have changed my resume and formatting multiple times because I thought my resume isn't passing the initial screenings, but still nothing! Any advice would be appreciated!

https://preview.redd.it/n4lsi8ivoajb1.png?width=934&format=png&auto=webp&s=54d41e6895468db6049d699b5fb952dc0451b8f0
mostly on the video editing and producing in social media side. like for example i've seen this posting for "video editor" from Chegg at least three times. i'd seen a similar role from Meta reposted at least several times over the course of a few months. what gives?
Hey, I’m an entry level digital marketing associate with minimal previous experience, but I’m also certified from Google, Meta, udacity, hubspot and coursera i was offered a job as an entry level Amazon advertising specialist with 1 week training and slightly above minimum wage salary from which i will spend nearly 25% on commuting ( and nearly 2.5 hours) for the first three month, then if i got fully onboarded that pay would increase by 50%, there was no mention of medical, sick leaves nor PTOs in the contract, i passed two rounds of interviews and acceptance within 24 hours and was interviewed by the CEO himself (there was no talent acquisition team nor an HR representative) and he told me i could manage up to 30 sellers/clients at the same times, there is no hybrid work and 40 hours in office per week is to be expected, I’m inclined to refuse that job offer but the hiring landscape has been really dry lately and that makes me anxious about refusing a job offer but i feel like it offers minimal opportunity for me to grow professionally or have a work/life balance, i would greatly appreciate any advice on that matter.
Hi everyone,

Like many of you, I am in the midst of a seemingly-endless job hunt. I've been a bit perplexed at how five months after my last job, I'm sitting here with barely a few phone interviews and little more to show for it. I have been project lead on several major web design projects and believe I am well-regarded within my little slice of the industry after ten years of solid work. It's all a bit frustrating.

I've been doing my best to look for practical ways to improve my odds of getting a job, but I find that most of the advice out there is parroted talking points and obviously hasn't been doing much for the vast majority of us. For example, I am sure we have all:  


* Tailored a well-designed and concise resume + cover letter to every position
* Optimized our resumes + cover letters to get past ATS systems
* Approached recruiters, hiring managers, any other gatekeeper for a more proactive route into the company
* Networked with anybody who is even remotely useful in a job hunt
* Picked up the phone and actually tried to speak with someone in the company to set up an informational interview
* Updated our LinkedIn pages
* Joined professional associations
* Sought additional skills and qualifications during our downtime
* Had side hustles going to fill in resume gaps and prove we aren't just sitting around on our butts
* Lowered our salary expectations...

Aside from all of those things, what else can and should a responsible job hunter be doing? I refuse to believe that it's impossible to get a job because my LinkedIn feed is flooded with people congratulating themselves on a new gig. There needs to something I'm missing.

Maybe we can pool our brain cells and start to figure out if there's a better "meta" to this whole thing?
I'm curious as to how the stock compensation works. I've worked in public sector so not familiar with employee stock options. 

Is there a vesting period? 

Do you contribute a part of your salary to their stock and there is employer matching (like 401k)? 

How many shares are you provided?

And on similar topic, how do the bonuses work?

I'm looking at software engineer and cyber security positions.

Thanks!
Could someone provide an update on the current job market, particularly in the fields of tech, CS, IT, and STEM? 
I recall it being quite challenging to find opportunities three months ago when I was job hunting but today I noticed that Google and Meta have posted job positions on LinkedIn. I'm curious if the job market has indeed improved or if these postings might be fake.
Hi Everyone for anyone who is currently looking for part-time/full-time internships or full-time jobs post-grad check out Fetti. It’s an AI social media-driven platform that matches you to a company/role that best aligns with you based on the 2 min initial survey you fill out when you sign up. There are also amazing resources by recruiters from Meta, Google, and Uber some of which are resume and cover letter templates, interview preps, visa sponsorship opportunities and it is all free. Check it out and let me know if you have any feedback about the site. Don’t forget to upload your resume. [https://app.tryfetti.com/signup/?ref\_id=j2A24QR4](https://app.tryfetti.com/signup/?ref_id=j2A24QR4)

Before the pandemic, I was a moderately successful event photographer in a major city. I lost most of my clients in 2020 and after a year of unemployment (+ taking care of a dying family member) I got the Google Project Management certificate and was able to get a content creation marketing job at a small company. That was a year & a half ago. I would love to work in the advertising industry as a project manager. I’ve been applying to assistant PM and similar positions for a year now, and outside of a few interviews where I was rejected for “not having enough experience” I’ve had very little luck finding positions, let alone getting interviews for the ~100 jobs I’ve applied to.

I know I’m qualified. I have years of client management experience from running my own business. I recently got the Meta Ad Buying + Planning certs. I’ve I’m the friend who plans events.

What am I doing wrong? Is the job market that stringent? Any advice would be appreciated.
Unless you're literally some kind of god-king, you can't tell only the truth and get hired.

Imagine you're asked "what is your greatest weakness?" and you respond "alcoholism" or "sometimes I procrastinate so long that I end up just not doing things at all. It probably wasn't that important. Someone else can take care of it. They're probably better at it than me anyway."

The resume is normally filled with exaggerations and outright lies. When you're a kid they say "cheaters never prosper". The reality is that **the world rewards lying and cheating** **right up until the point where you get caught**. So the 'meta' as far as strategy goes is learning how much you can confabulate, lie and cheat without anyone noticing. As long as you can do that, cheaters do indeed prosper.

And it doesn't have to be like this. In fact there are reasons to believe that the current system of job interviews is [actually useless](https://web.archive.org/web/20170409003456/https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/08/opinion/sunday/the-utter-uselessness-of-job-interviews.html) [and doesn't](https://www.linkedin.com/business/talent/blog/talent-acquisition/job-interviews-have-become-predictable-and-ineffective) [even help](https://www.thecut.com/2017/04/job-interviews-are-way-less-helpful-than-everyone-thinks.html) [employers find](https://www.ere.net/why-interviews-are-a-waste-of-time/) [the ideal candidates](https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbeshumanresourcescouncil/2018/02/12/job-interviews-dont-work-how-to-rethink-your-interview-process/?sh=1ed807aa32e8) [for their](https://www.forbes.com/sites/work-in-progress/2015/05/21/why-job-interviews-are-like-flipping-a-coin/?sh=698171f705db) [open positions](https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/science-81-percent-of-people-lie-in-job-interviews-heres-what-top-companies-are-.html). 

Am I upset about job interviews because I suck at them? Yes, mostly that. But also they just don't work. They reward memorization of lines like "my greatest weakness is that I work so hard and demand so much of myself that I can struggle to find a work-life balance." Barf. We all know it's bullshit. The interviewers do. Everyone does. It's a case of "They're lying... we know they're lying... they know we know they're lying"... and yet no one seems to care.

And what does it lead to? Behaviors you encourage you get more of. You're starting off your relationship based on a two-way deception with both sides pretending and pretending not to notice that the other party is pretending and pretending not to notice that we both know we're pretending but for whatever reason we're ok with that.

I don't have a solution but this system is no good. If you punish people for being honest when they're seeking a job then how do you expect them to be honest once they're working for you? If you reward talented deceivers with employment then you end up employing talented deceivers. Do you actually want that type of person working for you? Apparently for most companies the answer is yes.
&#x200B;

[Tailored specifically for a vacancy involving a lot of plants, DNA extractions, and molecular biology work. Trying to keep it to 1 page and concise. Thoughts?](https://preview.redd.it/z5e98jgu7mla1.jpg?width=709&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c6f99064872ac2d36a7799fa84ba0c646dbcea62)
Hey reddit,

So I (25f) studied in fashion and have worked in fashion as a design assistant for the last few years. I’m pretty tech savvy compare to everyone else in the brand. So when they made the switch from just wholesale to an e-commerce platform, I took it upon myself to manage it (along with a web developer). Over time I started doing EDMs, all meta/ pixel integration and ads, seo, managing all the socials, customer service, brand strategy and other things that I’m probably missing atm. 
It started getting really intense, they hired someone but she was useless and they just sacked her and gave me a raise and a new title as marketing manager (and design assistant?) 

Thing is, I was already looking for other jobs. And I have a couple of interviews lined up. It has got me thinking.. if I got them and I’m offered the same amount do I go?
I enjoy market and have enjoyed gathering all the analytics over the last 1.5 years and was wondering if I should stick with this. 
However I was wondering if other places would even except me without a marketing degree.. just wondering if anyone has any advice.

TLDR: sliding doors of careers, if I chose marketing, can I progress even though I don’t have a degree?
I started a new role end of November. Since then, there have been a surplus amount of red flags. Was there anything I did that was in the wrong or could have prevented this? See below:

-In my final interview out of 4, the person interviewing me told me point blank “I understand why you left your first job at the advertising agencies so quickly, but why would you leave Meta?!” (I worked at Meta previously)  

-In my final interview, they completely bait and switched my role. I was interviewing for a Sales role, and final interview they switched me to a department I had no experience in. I was still hired as a manager. 

-First week into the job, my manager told me she was “tired of this shit” and wanted to quit and be a stay at home wife (she’s still single currently…)

-In my second week, my manager and I went out to lunch. During this lunch, she gossiped to me the entire time about other members of the company and was exposing all of their flaws to me. 

-We began a project my second week and it just concluded now. The entire project consisted of copying and pasting information into the cells of close to 5,000 rows of google sheets. Due to my managers disorganization, we had to start this project over three times.

-Final thing: my manager was caught altering and deleting team members work. For example, she would go into the shared Google sheets file at nighttime or on our day off such as MLK day and delete or alter other peoples work, including mine. She would then blame that individual for making an error. We discovered this through the version history. When I confronted her on this, she denied having any malicious intent. 
-When HR was notified last week of her behavior, they did nothing. Today I was put on a PIP with no concrete information on it. 

 Note- I was part of the mass tech layoffs and had no choice but to accept this job despite the red flags. I’m starting to self doubt now, and wonder if I was the issue in any way here, or if I was fucked from the start.
I read that large MNCs and global conglomerates like Meta, Google, Microsoft are removing 10000+ employees with the reason given as economic downturn, inflation and impending recession. But with the job insecurity brewing across established and startups, wouldn’t the purchasing power of people shrink and lead to recession? It’s not just the ones laid off but the fear that this may just be round 1 of a series and when will the sequel hit the market again?? If anyone can help us understand if this may be aligned.
I was speaking with the second recruiter from Meta for a remote work job I was PERFECT for, everything was going great until she asked me about my location. I am American with permanent residence in Canada but she said they couldn’t hire me because I am international and ended the interview. Why!? Now they are not returning my questions.  

I cant find any policy about this on their site.
Hi all, looking for a job that lets me dig into like meta-business (how firms compete and stuff) using formal models but doesn’t require me to go to school for 6 years. I know this is kind of specific but if anyone has any suggestions I would greatly appreciate it.

I work at a econ consulting firm right now if that helps.
Crypto jobs are quite undersupplied, because of the existing talent gap, there is less competition and higher pay at both large corporations like Meta, Coinbase, OpenSea, and small and mid-sized businesses. However, at this stage, I'm more likely to consider freelancers instead of full-time, here is why:

(ngl I’m also wary about the red flags I saw in the crypto market, that’s why I won’t put all of my eggs in one basket)

**Immediate loss of income if full-time job vanish overnight**

Scam projects frighten not only investors, but also employees. What if I work for a Web3 company that fails eventually, and the founders even flee with golden parachutes made of all the money they received from unsuspecting investors? Full-time literally means all-in. When a project fails, it equals unemployment and more terribly, arrears of wages.

**Inflexible schedule**

Everything fixed may mean “stable” for people who work in traditional fields. However for web3 creators it means less flexibility and opportunities. My inspiration is usually strongest at night, if I have a fixed 9-6 schedule, I find it difficult to come up with creative ideas. As designers, we frequently work on a project-by-project basis, the more productive you are, the more work you get. However, if you only work for one company, opportunities are much more limited.

**Less creative and fulfilling work**

Full-time in-house designers are always working for the same project with the similar branding and style, unless they’re working on rebranding, otherwise designing more or less the same stuff can be boring. That’s why I started to look at some Web3 freelance marketplaces like Layer3 and CreatorDAO. Among the dazzling platforms, I'm on the fence about an unlaunched marketplace called 3D Creator DAO in ChapterX world. Obviously, the word "3D" drew me in because I learnt 3D animation in school, and I'm assuming higher salaries and more opportunities in the future.

Would you prefer freelance or full-time in the Web3 space? Feel free to recommend any recruitment platforms you find useful.
I'm in the interview process in a different department/division/business unit in a Fortune 100 company with 60k+ employees.  The division tranfer is much like going from Instagram to Oculus in the Facebook/Meta sense (or Youtube to Google Cloud, you get the picture).  

If I am offered the job, should I expect/ask for a signing bonus and/or equity as if I were a brand new hire, or does my having worked for a division of the same parent company for the past few years make it so that it's almost like a lateral transition (it's not really lateral, but the question remains the same if it were lateral) and not subject to the same "new hire" incentives?
I've been looking at non-tech jobs I can do with my undergrad law degree and noticed that companies like Google, Meta, and TikTok have Trust and Safety teams with roles like policy analysts, and escalation specialists. Sometimes, these roles are outsourced to companies like Accenture or TDCX, or they hire contractors. What is it like to work in these positions?
I am struggling with making a decision. So I am 24 years old. I graduated as an engineer.

I’ve been working as an architectural designer assistant remotely. This job I found freelancing, after graduation. And so basically my job was doing design research and preparing documents for permitting, and some visualizations. Here I found out what is structural engineering looking through T24 sheets, and I was curious about it because it seems like a technical job. Because I found sometimes being creative is kind of hard in architecture (maybe because of my lack of experience) I was thinking about taking a master's degree in structural engineering because I would be never an architect, it takes too much time to study. Whatever, I lost my job, because my employer said that I don’t have “enough studies”, for this job, but it happened after a year. 

So now, speaking with my friends, that are working in the IT field, I understand that there are a lot of jobs here, and you don’t need a degree just experience, and there are a lot of opportunities such as internships and so on. And I am learning frontend development by meta course. 

And so I am struggling now deciding, what should I do, go to apply for a master's degree for the next 2-3 years, or study more web development, and apply for some internship. I don’t want to waste another year, understanding that I would be kicked out because of no degree.
 Hi, im currently a CS student and i've been always connecting my career towards software engineering. Recently i have followed couple of 'big' companies on LinkedIn - Microsoft, Google, Meta etc... and i found out i have no idea what are some good career options beside software engineering. Positions like HR Partner, Quality Assurance Analyst, Technical Sales Engineer or Client Partner. Could you describe what are their responsibilities/ what they actually do? What degrees do these positions require?
Everyone has heard of Meta(Facebook probably) there currently posting a job that im qualified for but I've heard so many bad things about them. Can they be trusted 🤔
Good Afternoon Wise People of Reddit,

I have been thinking much about my future and have made the commitment to pursue People Analytics. I'm currently a therapist and aim to complete several certifications in the field of analytics. I was curious if anyone has switched careers after becoming a therapist. Any tips are welcome. At this time I have some huge connections with Meta. My resume is tailored to include both my clinical and analytical skills.

&#x200B;

Thanks.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/nht3p0dq9t991.jpg?width=915&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0f05f8721c45679237265e606a7ed3fc2d2cf720
I am currently a Senior in Computer Engineering and wanting to get into product development for creating systems such as virtual reality headsets or video game consoles. I can't seem to find any jobs at companies I would like to work at that relate to doing this, so I am wondering if anyone would have some advice on where I should look for work or what work I could do to get relevant experience.

&#x200B;

So far I have been looking at working Playstation, Xbox, Meta, and NVIDIA, to name a few palces I have already looked.

&#x200B;

What I have found seems to lean towards Computer Hardware development, but it seems like most of these jobs require 2 years at least of related experience. I am trying to figure out what I could do in the next 2 years to get that experience.
I have been working in sales for a good while now and am looking to expand my horizons a bit, but always shyed away from the idea of working in sales for larger companies
With the recent developments in meta layoff and meta hiring freeze, does any one have idea whether this will impact DPE program by Meta?
I had completed my onsite rounds last week(lon/dublin), and am pretty confident on that. But now with these developments i am little concerned.
Today, Meta (former [Facebook](https://www.cyberkendra.com/search/label/Facebook)) announced the shutting down of **Facebook Jobs** from its products. The [announcement](https://www.cyberkendra.com/2021/12/facebook-jobs-shutting-down-on-february.html) came from the business help center page where Meta says "*Facebook Jobs is making some product changes on 22 February 2022.*"

Facebook's 'Jobs' was a feature that allowed businesses to post job vacancies on their page, which were visible to anyone who visits the page, and also appeared on the news feeds of Facebook users who have 'liked' the page, easing the job finding process for the people. However, the feature is going away from February next year, hence, here's everything that you need to know about the new update.

What is going to change?

Here are the brief details about what will get changed after the shutting of Facebook Jobs.

* Existing Facebook Groups with a "**Jobs**" group type will be changed to the "**General**" group type and the **"Jobs" group type will no longer be available**.
* The ability to distribute free jobs via a partner integration with the Facebook Jobs API will no longer be available.
* Facebook Jobs will no longer be available on the Facebook Lite app or Facebook mobile website (m.facebook.com/jobs) for both employers and jobseekers.
* The Facebook Jobs browser will no longer be available.

This change is made globally except in the United States and Canada. This clearly means users (employers and jobseekers) will be able to use the Facebook Jobs portal.

Source: [Facebook Jobs Shutting Down on February 2022 - Cyber Kendra](https://www.cyberkendra.com/2021/12/facebook-jobs-shutting-down-on-february.html)
I've been working as a Data Scientist in an SME for the past 3+ years (it's my first job). It was fine at first, but lately it's gotten boring because the dev side is overworked and all of the Data Science / Machine Learning projects are pretty much on hold.  
So, I thought about applying for a new job.   


Let's move past the usual ghosting, which is kind of disrespectful especially when the application requests a million different info, and dive directly into the heart of the matter.

First company that replied to me had a 4 step recruitment process. 30 minutes with HR, apparently to make sure I can speak English, followed by a 2 hour programming test (just the regular algorithms, nothing to do with data science), followed by a 30 minute technical interview, followed by an unpaid project equivalent to **one week of work.**

Second company: 2 hour logical reasoning test (which was actually quite fun, to be honest), followed by a technical interview, followed by a 2 hour programming test (still nothing to do with data science, but whatever) followed by an unpaid week-end long assignment.

What's hilarious is when those companies then boast about how only 3%, 2%, 1%, 0.1% of their applicants eventually get a job offer. To me that either means you're google and get 10000 applications per job offer, or that your recruitment process is so tiring people just give up half the way through. Personally, I gave up on the first company, and I'm hesitating to take things further with the second one.  


It's bad enough when it's a big company with a lof of applicants, but at least it's somewhat understandable. But when it comes from SMEs it's a joke. Even worse: startups that already plan on paying you way below your worth and have a more intensive recruitment process than Facebook (sorry, Meta) and Google combined.

&#x200B;

Here are my armchair tips for making this whole thing less tiring. First of all, unless I have no prior education in the field I'm applying to or come from a totally obscure college, I think it's fair to assume I can think logically. So skip the "logical reasoning test".   
You can see how well I can speak English during the technical interview and from my application, so skip the HR meeting. Put the 2 hour test beforehand if you want to have less applicants before reaching that step. Also, if I apply for a Data Scientist role, it would be nice if the 2 hour test somewhat reflected that. Asking a few programming questions is fine, but you don't ask only Data Science questions to software engineers, do you?  
If after that, you're still hesitating between a few candidates, then it's fine to have a second technical interview, just le the applicant know the reason for this beforehand instead of just acting like it's a normal step and then ghosting the employee that didn't make it.  
I live in Switzerland, and here the first 3 months of an employee's career at a company are considered a "trial period". During that period, the employee is allowed to quit and the employer allowed to fire without the need to go through complicated bureaucracy and with almost no notice (like 7 days max, as opposed to the usual 1 to 3 months). So if you want to see how well I fit into the role, use that to your advantage instead of wasting my time with week long unpaid projects.  


When I finished I got my degree 3 years ago, the only companies I remember having such involved recruitment processes were big tech companies: Amazon, Google, Facebook. The other jobs I applied to had like a 3 step process at max, and none of them asked me to go through a week long unpaid project. Not sure why companies ask so much more from me now that I have professional experience
Hello,

I am inquiring for advice regarding getting a job at a tech company (for ex - Twitter, Reddit, Google, Microsoft, Facebook/Meta, etc.) in the realms of Trust and Safety/Online Safety, Global Security/Corporate Security/Physical Security. It would have to be entry level as I have not worked in those fields. I have internship experiences with government offices, 1.5 years of legal experience post-undergrad, a 4 month temporary consulting position as well as pro bono consulting exp, geopolitical/political analysis volunteer exp, and a \[recent\] masters degree. I’m from the US. What is your advice?
I was originally planning on going straight through to med school or grad school after undergrad, but burned out and want to spend a couple of years working to build up some savings and investments before going back to school. 

Right now I’m working at a psychiatric hospital with varied tasks including helping physicians with seizure therapy treatments, conducting TMS-EEG, clinical assessments, and cognitive assessments. My pay is $25/hr with a 20% top up on my salary and the work environment is pretty good. However, I get NO benefits and NO PTO or vacation pay. It’s also difficult to advance or get promoted. I also live in an extremely high COL and high tax area and half my pay check goes towards rent. I have about $600 in savings per month after living very frugally. 

While I would be fine working here until eventual med or grad school after two years, I would prefer to move into industry work (not necessarily in psychology) with higher pay and benefits (around 60-70k for now). 

Is that even possible, or do I need a graduate degree to even have a shot? If I get a job with good pay, decent chance at promotion, I would be open to do a part time masters in business or management while working full time.  

If I do a certificate in Python or another programming language, would that help?

Here is my summarized CV:

EDUCATION
Honours Bachelor of Science  – University of Toronto                                        2017-2021
    Majors: Neuroscience, Psychology
    Minor: Writing and Rhetoric
    GPA: 3.92/4.00
Undergraduate Thesis: LncRNAs AC114803.3 and CTC-297N7.5 are significantly expressed in hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines, and AC114803.3 is associated with worse prognosis
 
HONORS &amp; AWARDS
Academic Award 
Academic Award 2
Academic Award 3
Academic Award 4                                                      
Dean’s List 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021
 
WORK EXPERIENCE

Psychiatric Hospital                                                                                                      September 2021 - Present
Research Analyst
Conducts neurophysiology sessions (TMS-EEG) on patients with treatment-resistant depression
Assists physicians with electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy protocols for clinical trials
Conduct neurocognitive assessments in patients with treatment-resistant depression

X Hospital Research Training Program                                                               September 2020 - April 2021
Work Study Assistant and Research Team Lead
Developed delirium screening tool with research group
Developed video educational modules for liver transplant recipients with team
Presented work at academic rounds 

Psychology Institute                                                                                                         October 2018 - June 2019
Developmental Psychopathology Lab – Work study Assistant                      
Transcribed videos for online course on Canvas
Subtitled and formatted 30+ videos for online course on Canvas
Edited 100+ videos for online course on Canvas
 
RESEARCH EXPERIENCE

Transplant Lab – X Hospital                                                                          May 2019 - Present
Project: Prolonged Mechanical Ventilation in Liver Transplant Recipients Results in Long-term Cognitive and Physical Effects
Collected data from Organ Transplant Tracking Record
Compiled figures and tables for manuscript
Wrote results section of manuscript
Assisted in editing and revising full manuscript for publication
Advisor: Advisor Name  - Liver Transplant Division
Project: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Post-transplant Diabetes Mellitus in Liver 


Transplant Recipients
Screened 2000 abstracts for inclusion into study
Completed data collection and quality assessment
Assisted in writing results section of manuscript for publication
Advisor: Advisor Name - Liver Transplant Division
Project: LncRNAs AC114803.3 and CTC-297N7.5 significantly expressed in hepatocellular
carcinoma cell lines; AC114803.3 associated with worse prognosis
Conducted literature review on lncRNAs
Wrote final report on study
Assisted in wet lab procedures
Presented  on study at Arts and Science Student Union Conference for Undergraduate Research
Advisor: Advisor Name  - Liver Transplant Division


Project: Literature review on the role of lncRNAs in hepatocellular carcinoma
Performed literature search on PubMed and reviewed 850 papers for relevant clinical characteristics 
Advisor: Advisor Name - Liver Transplant Division
Project: Assessing risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in kidney transplant patients
Reviewed 20,000 ultrasounds in kidney transplant database and tagged indicators of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease 
Advisor: Advisor Name – Liver Transplant Division


Developmental Psychopathology Lab – University of Toronto                          September 2018 - April 2020
Project: Meta-analysis on the impact of father positive parenting on childhood outcomes
Reviewed 2000 abstracts, 500 scholarly articles, and extracted data from 500 scholarly articles
Assisted in writing manuscript
Presented on research at Undergraduate Research Forum
Advisor: Advisor Name  – Y Institute

Z Lab – University of Toronto                                                      May 2019 - August 2019
Project: Efficacy Analysis of Scientific Journal Writing Assignments
Developed writing assignments designed to improve critical thinking and scientific literacy skills of undergraduate students
Wrote final report on project
Advisors: Advisor Name – University of Toronto Psychology Department
 
PUBLICATIONS
Publication 1
Publication 2
 
SERVICE AND LEADERSHIP
Homelessness Nonprofit - Vice President of Shelter Outreach                                      August 2021 - Present
Collaborated with seven homeless shelters in the Greater Toronto Area 
Coordinated packaging and delivery of 1000+ care packages to Toronto homeless shelters
Hosted webinars and workshops on homelessness

Homeless Nonprofit 2  - University Chapter Vice President, Toronto Events Manager     August 2020 - Present
Planned and coordinated social and fundraising events in support 
Wrote and edited grant proposals for events
Assisted in planning academic conference for homelessness
 
CERTIFICATIONS AND SKILLS


- Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)
- Electroencephalography (EEG)
- Clinical Trials Software: REDCap, RAVE 
- Clinical Software:  ICARE Power Chart, Electronic Patient Record, Organ Transplant Tracking Record
- Clinical Assessments: HRDS-24, MINI, YMRS, SSI, SCID
- Neurocognitive Assessments: TOPF, MoCA, D-KEFS, CVLT-3, AMT, NIH Toolbox
- Neuroimaging software (some experience in FSL: MRI and DTI, Brainstorm: EEG and MEG)
- Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Word, Excel)
- Statistical Software: R
- Standard First Aid/CPR-C
- Mental Health Skills Certificate
So I'm not sure if meta questions like this are welcome on this sub. No offence taken if this isn't the right place. But if it is this is the question.

The current process of finding jobs is kinda tedious. I have to imagine from the employer's perspective too.

As a candidate, unless there are a *few* places I'd really love to work at (in my case, not necessarily the case), there's a vast pool of companies I *could* work at. Given the rise in remote employment, the pool is almost exponentially large. This is a problem. 

For candidates, this means a *lot* of sifting through irrelevant job listings. A lot of time wasted on futile processes. And a lot of anguish when companies (increasingly) ghost you.  It's protracted. Mentally not fun. And very seldom enjoyable. 

Employers, for their part, often seem to run window-dressing applicant processes probably because they're already decided to promote internally. They too have to waste time talking to some candidates who lie about their experience and just aren't really interested in the gig / are phishing for info about their worth in the market.

I've always wished that there were something like Tinder out there for job hunters. Some kind of system that found a way of matching candidates who are really motivated to hold a position with companies that are really interested in them. Less time wasted in both directions. More genuine interest.

That's my idea. Does anybody have other ones?
Dear Hiring Manager,  

My name is X, and I am interested in the position of Clinical Research Project Coordinator at Hospital Y. I have had extensive experience working in high pressure, multi-tasking environments,  coordinating research projects, and collaborating with a team. I have experience in research project design, research ethics board protocols, grant applications, database management, data entry, and literature searches.

I am a recent graduate of the University of Z with a Bachelors in Neuroscience and Psychology and a minor in Writing and Rhetoric. For the past three years, I have worked as a research assistant in labs at the A, University Y, and Hospital B.

In my role as a research assistant, I have been involved in data collection and manuscript writing for meta-analyses focused on parent-child psychology and post-transplant diabetes. I have also assisted in writing and editing research papers and conducting literature searches on PubMed and OVID Medline on areas including liver transplantation, liver cancer, and educational psychology.  In addition, I have worked extensively in data collection on the Organ Transplant Tracking Record and the Electronic Patient Record platforms. I have also worked on developing research ethics board proposals and developing grant proposals for research projects in educational psychology and liver transplantation. 

I have developed strong interpersonal and communication skills while working in collaboration with principal investigators and other research assistants. Alongside my research team, I assisted in the development of a delirium risk screening tool for liver transplant recipients in collaboration with transplant nurses. I have also helped create online educational modules focused on parent-child psychology and on the liver transplantation process. I have presented my research at academic rounds, research team meetings, and undergraduate research conferences. Working on several research tasks alongside my undergraduate studies and extracurricular activities has given me good time management, organizational, and prioritization skills. I have used Microsoft Office, including OneDrive, Teams, PowerPoint, Word, and Excel, extensively in my work. I also have some experience with statistical software, including R. 

I believe that my competencies are well-suited to the role of Clinical Research Coordinator. I am keen to work alongside your team at Hospital Y.

Thank you for  your time and consideration of my application. 

Best regards,
X
Hi there, im probbably gonna get skipped anyaway so i wont faf about with too much information.

 Im a 2nd year business administration student with somewhat of a variety of job experience.

Im having troubles pin pointing what job roles would i fit given my “skills”

“Because reading the vanacy title gives me anxiety and instantly think that im not going to be enough”

I was hoping to find some advice or maybe just some reassurance on what field these skills would be the best.

Here’s a rough estimate of what i think i can do/ have done

MS office and Google docs (word, excel, powerpoint, forms etc.)

Surface level SEO (i dont even dare to call myself a specialist, but i know how to generate keywords, write meta data descriptions and have some sort of idea how to find things and analyze data through ahref)

Surface level knowledge on audio and video editing (more audio than video actually)

Worked as a moderator/support/data analyst for a small discord group (over 1.2k members)

Been a volunteer trainer in a martial arts camp where i had training on team building events and resillence training (basically just a fancy way to say cooperating with misbehaving individuals)

Only thing left to mention is that i have exp in bulding stages for festivals and being a vegetable packer at a conveyer belt abroad.
—————————————————————
I feel like i dont know anything of this well enough (imo) for me to get paid for it, which cripples my motivation.

Help me get out if my prison of self doubt.

Also sorry for the idiotic long post, keep scrolling im not worth ur time.
I try not to feel this way most days but it creeps up on me.  I work a compliance job and the money is good for me to live how I want. But I get so much embarrassment from doing what I am supposed to do. It makes me wonder like if I pay too much attention to how I sit which I think is the biggest thing. They give us two monitors to work and I often use just one if others when others are socially distanced next to me. I get panicky, feel like my breath permeates the whole room and I think people laugh at me. Like how do I stay grounded without causing a scene to how I am doing my job?? It makes everything so meta 

Thank you
I mean Its a very common question employers ostensibly ask anyway, but I'm just not sure about the meta perspective.
I just thought about this. If you own a company and you knew you needed to do 10-12 critical things every year to secure revenue, why would you even bother hiring someone from auxiliary fields or straight out of college? Why not always hire someone who has dealt as closely as possible with your exact problems or hire outside firms? Why risk investing in a workforce? By this meta, only grown chickens should get jobs, but obviously people are still hiring baby eggs. I want perspectives from the bosses here. Why do you “invest” in a workforce instead of buying off the shelf? Why/when does that strategy work best for your company and industry?
I'm pretty bad at writing cover letters and I find that my best chance is to probably write candidly about my skills and the position.  So, is the chance this backfires 90% or 80%?
This sub gets a fair amount of spam and rulebreaking content. Some (more, thanks /u/rednail64 and the active mods) help taking care of it would be nice.


Mods here should do the following:


Mark spam as spam (no distinguished comment needed).


1. 1.a. (optional) add the spammer to automod's shadowban list and report them to /r/reddit.com


2. Remove rulebreaking submissions (all other removals should be followed by a distinguished comment stating the rule broken).


> 2.a. The modqueue is a bit long (hence this post). Please don't batch-remove/approve anything there; if something > is archived and needs removal, send a private message about it as "/r/jobs" to the OP with the rule broken. Also, 
> when applying/replying to this thread, put the word "answer" somewhere in your reply; this would signify in a 
> compact form that you've read and agree to everything here in this list.


3. Don't use distinguished comments for anything that doesn't have to do with moderation.


4. Don't break any sidebar/reddit rules yourself.


5. Contribute at least 5 mod actions a month to the moderation effort (remove/approve something that needs it and/or participate in modmail). This is a pretty low bar, I honestly hope you all spend more than the bar minimum.


6. Be OK with making major (e.g. rule changes) or controversial moderation decisions democratically and give ~a week for votes.


7. Be OK with being removed from the modlist if you don't do the above. All mods will be warned 7 days in advance, however, and a vote will be conducted to avoid error removals.


8. Have an account that has more than a handful of submissions/comments and is older than, like, a month or two. Having rule-abiding comment/submission history in this sub would obviously be preferable, it would be nice if you could let me know that you do in your reply.




#**To apply, read the above list and leave a comment with appropriate-contents. Those who don't read the numbered list above ^ ^ ^ aren't considered as applying.**



~~Further, please send 42 copies of your resume, notarized and signed with your blood in triplicate, through certified mail; upon receipt, we will mail you back a letter containing the URLs to the three separate database pages where you should also enter all that information. Please double check your address when entering, as the request for an interview will be delivered first by messenger pigeon and then by smoke signal to that address. Please note that it's illegal to discriminate based on age, race or disability status; I'll therefore ask you about all these things and ignore the applications from those who don't respond or respond unfavorably. If you are my cousin/long-lost child or have any other blood relation to me, let me know so I can burn the rest of the applications I have and just add you and any and all relatives you may have. Finally, please note that this entry-level pre-internship position requires at least 15 years of reddit experience.~~


It would also be helpful if everyone could look through everyone else's profiles and upvote those who you think would make good mods. If you guys have any follow up questions for people, feel free to ask (they don't have to respond to you, so be nice).


Compensation:


I know that /r/iama mods charge $50/month to be on the team but I like you guys so I'll make an exclusive offer to let you work for ~~$25/month~~ ~~$5/month~~ completely for FREE!
>(7) All success, disappointment, and venting posts may only be made as comments in the weekly megathread.

The enforcement of this rule has probably been the most controversial thing this sub's ever seen. This post is obviously a reference to the complaints about how it's been overzealously enforced but it's really hard to say whether any given post unambiguously does or does not break this rule.

The way I see it, we can either remove this rule, keep everything as it is now, keep the rule but create internal objective mod guidelines of some sort about enforcing it or change the rule to something else that is less ambiguous so that both (majority of) users and mods are happy about/fine with it being enforced.

I'll both make comments here you can vote on and a strawpoll to make sure we try to get as accurate of a representation of the userbase opinion as possible. To start off, we'll see if you guys want to keep the rule or scrap it completely. If you select keep, we can explore whether you want to change it or add mod guidelines in a separate vote and perhaps explore how we should change it in a third vote, using suggestions from other comments.

Please upvote one of the below and downvote the other (some people will do this, might as well be everyone), then vote in the strawpoll.

#[Keep rule 7, either in its original or some altered form](https://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/comments/bl4s91/meta_rule_7_should_we_keep_it/emlkqw7/)

#[Remove rule 7 completely](https://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/comments/bl4s91/meta_rule_7_should_we_keep_it/emlkr31/)

#[Strawpoll](https://strawpoll.com/sha6ad64)
This sub gets a fair amount of spam and rulebreaking content. Some (more, thanks /u/rednail64 and the active mods) help taking care of it would be nice.

Mods here should do the following:

1. Mark spam as spam (no distinguished comment needed).  
1.a. (optional) add the spammer to automod's shadowban list and report them to /r/reddit.com

2. Remove rulebreaking submissions (all other removals should be followed by a distinguished comment stating the rule broken).  
2.a. The modqueue is a bit long (hence this post). Please don't batch-remove/approve anything there; if something is archived and needs removal, send a private message about it as "/r/jobs" to the OP with the rule broken.  Also, when applying/replying to this thread, put the word "answer" somewhere in your reply; this would signify in a compact form that you've read and agree to everything here in this list.

3. Don't use distinguished comments for anything that doesn't have to do with moderation.

4. Don't break any sidebar/reddit rules yourself.

5. Contribute at least 1 mod action a month to the moderation effort (remove/approve something that needs it and/or participate in modmail).

6. Be OK with making major (e.g. rule changes) or controversial moderation decisions democratically and give ~a week for votes.

7. Be OK with being removed from the modlist if you don't do the above.

8. Have an account that has more than a handful of submissions/comments and is older than, like, a month or two. Having rule-abiding comment/submission history in this sub would obviously be preferable, it would be nice if you could let me know that you do in your reply.

***

#To apply, read the above list and leave a comment with appropriate-contents. Those who don't read the numbered list above ^ ^ ^ aren't considered as applying. 

~~^(Further, please send 42 copies of your resume, notarized and signed with your blood in triplicate, through certified mail; upon receipt, we will mail you back a letter containing the URLs to the three separate database pages where you should also enter all that information. Please double check your address when entering, as the request for an interview will be delivered first by messenger pigeon and then by smoke signal to that address. Please note that it's illegal to discriminate based on age, race or disability status; I'll therefore ask you about all these things and ignore the applications from those who don't respond or respond unfavorably. If you are my cousin/long-lost child or have any other blood relation to me, let me know so I can burn the rest of the applications I have and just add you and any and all relatives you may have. Finally, please note that this entry-level pre-internship position requires at least 15 years of reddit experience.)~~ 

It would also be helpful if everyone could look through everyone else's profiles and upvote those who you think would make good mods.

Compensation:

I know that /r/iama mods charge $50/month to be on the team but I like you guys so I'll make an exclusive offer to let you work for ~~$25/month~~ ~~$5/month~~ completely for FREE!
A company I'm interested in has a position that doesn't correspond directly to any current openings. Rather, it's used to keep your information on file as a reference should an appropriate position open up. Should applying to this one affect how many other, actual positions I apply to or change anything else that matters?
I've been at my current job for a year now as an "SEO Specialist".

It's in quotes because my role barely scratches the surface of optimization. My company charges only $50 a month, and for that, clients get a bare-bones package which severely limits my professional growth. What they get is...

- Analytics/Search Console setup
- Upload robots.txt and update sitemap
- Update title tags and meta description
- A Bright Local report
- Fix issues that arise on the technical end (crawl/index errors, broken links, restructure menu)

While analytics and search console are indeed set up, we don't do any kind of keyword research, data analysis, goal setting, KPIs, etc. These are things I'm sorely lacking in experience.

I've read every possible guide about technical/on-page/off-site, have the Analytics IQ certification, and now it's time to go somewhere where I can actually do some real work.

I'm worried because every job post expects me to have the skills I'm lacking in. I've considered making my own site to develop those skills, but I need to get out of my current role asap before I go crazy.

How much do I really need to know to land an entry-level spot at a real agency?
This is just baffling. We are a mid-sized city. I edited out some names and redundancies, but read all the things they want, then look at the pay range. This is about 4 different degrees worth of things to maintain. 

-

**Marketing Coordinator**

The primary responsibility of the Marketing Coordinator is to promote a positive public image for the SPCA and to advance the organizations’ missions through the use marketing strategies including print & design, social media, web content management, video production, research & analytics, and electronic communications. The Coordinator is responsible for development & implementing marketing strategies.

The Coordinator also works to implement the comprehensive marketing and public relations plan. The Coordinator will collaborate with other key staff members to achieve brand consistency, coordination of messages, and the highest standards for internal and external communications. This position is responsible for coordinating organization-wide design, message, and content generation, including electronic and print, managing the organizations’ communications calendars, for such work as graphic design, form creation and creating design lay-out for annual reports, flyers and appeals.

-

**Print and Design**

- Manage creation, production, and dissemination of printed publications for education, development and administrative purposes (newsletter, press releases, annual report, brochures, appeals, exhibit and event materials, internal and external form creation).
- Support the development and creation of identity and collateral materials for major organization(s) initiatives.
- Create and coordinate production schedules and maintain ongoing relationships with graphic designers, mail houses, printers and photographers.

**Social and Digital Media**

- Research audience preferences and discover current trends to create engaging text, image and video content and design posts to sustain readers’ curiosity and create buzz around the SPCA
- Stay up-to-date with changes in all social platforms ensuring maximum effectiveness
- **Monitor activity on social media, including nights, weekends and holidays.**
- Create and manage blogging.
- Facilitate online conversations with customers and respond to queries
- Report on online reviews and feedback from customers and fans
- Develop an optimal posting schedule, considering web traffic and customer engagement metrics
- Oversee social media accounts’ layout
- Suggest new ways to attract prospective adopters or donors

**Web Content Management**

- Post content to the websites – filling out fields in the content management system for page titles, meta descriptions, and image alt tags to optimize SEO for web pages, and coordinating the design team to implement new features
- Ensure that all website information remains up-to-date, compliant, and on-brand
- Propose changes to website to improve search rankings
- Maintain a library of website images with documented usage permissions
- Collaboratively manage and coordinate the creation and update of web content.
- Collaborate with other staff to ensure ongoing improvement of websites including phased updates.
- Manage creation and selection of photography for print and electronic communications including all animal photos and profiles on the SPCA websites.

**Video Production**

- Create, utilize and manage production of videos for the website
- Coordinate all phases of video production

**Research and Analytics**

- Execute SEO audits, finding opportunities to improve organic visibility
- Compile and present monthly report data on traffic and rankings, and make data-based recommendations for improving statistics
- Serve as a subject matter expert on web analytics, remaining informed of related best practices and new applications
- Monitor and report on Google Analytics metrics
 
**Additional Responsibilities**

- Implement and manage e-communications for various SPCA constituencies 
- Assist with the execution of special events.
- Additional duties as assigned.

**EDUCATIONAL OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS**

- Bachelor's degree or equivalent.
- Experience in communication, marketing and branding for a non-profit organization.
- Excellent written and verbal skills
- Creative thinking and problem solving skills.
- Familiarity with PC based windows, Microsoft Office Suite, and Adobe design software.
- Experience managing websites and social media.
- Ability to work with volunteers in.
- Demonstrated interest in animal welfare.
- Must maintain a valid driver's license 
- Ability to work in (two different cities, 45 minutes apart)
- **Ability to lift and move objects and animals weighing up to 50 pounds for short distances and humanely restrain an animal when necessary.**

Job Type: Full-time

**Salary: $12.00 to $14.00 /hour**

---

Yes, that's right, for $12-14 an hour, they want you to do all the web design, SEO, graphic design, monitor social media 24/7, be blogging, address customer concerns, manage a image & stock database, do monthly traffic report audits, be a videographer, be a photographer, solicit donors, and LIFT AND RESTRAIN ANIMALS. 
There is often debate how worth it LinkedIn is, does it help at all,etc.

There is also debate on if you should only add those you know already know.

Jobs are so much about CONNECTIONS. Just because you didnt meet them in person doesn't mean you are a creeper if you connect to them on LinkedIn. Make sure to make a connection note about how you hope their career is going great, you love that company, be FRIENDLY so they are inclined to accept

Most companies have some sort of referral whether they get a bonus or not. Getting separated from the thousands of applicants is the goal.

You can simply then ask after they connect in a nice tone or email "Hey, I know we don't know each other, and you have no obligation to, but it's a dream of mine to work for this company and I truly feel I am qualified for it. If possible, would you be able to refer me?" Maybe make a joke about how you'll buy coffee or lunch should you get hired on.

Seriously, making friends over the internet isn't hard people. THAT'S NETWORKING TOO!! A lot of you seem to be on some 1960's meta about how you have to meet them in person before you can approach them on the internet. This is 2018. If they DIDNT want people to connect to them, they would require that you already know their email address \(Since some have that setting on\)

And when I say "refer" i dont just mean the button on LinkedIn. I mean them actually sending a quick email or something to whoever hired them vouching for you.

You'd be surprised how willing people are to help others get a job at the same company as them if you're friendly and seem interested in them and not just using them for your own gain. Obviously YOU ARE trying to use them for your own gain, but also care about them too. Ask how they got into their career, company culture, how much they enjoy it, most rewarding part, etc

The best part of LinkedIn IS NOT "getting discovered" by recruiters. It's that you can willingly connect to those who work where you want to work and form A CONNECTION. It's near impossible to connect to employers where you want to work on places like Facebook. THAT is LinkedIn's power. Use it.
So I'm currently in the stage of: apply to anything applicable to my degree because I don't have any interships or connections and need to get my foot in the door somewhere so I can start my life. I'm hearing different things like "put in 50 applications a day" but then also "taylor your resume to the position" and "you have to have a cover letter". There's no way I can do that while working full-time at this crummy sales job. What's the "meta" for professional job hunting.



I have a BS in Geography, if that affects anything.
Usually at least 3 of the top 8 or so posts are inciteful poppycock, and it's been this way for a while.


These posts are consistently grievious to people searching for a job; if genuine, they would be better served elsewhere on Reddit (or off) and if not (practically certain) they are altogether mean-spirited and kick, while down, at people in their most helpless and hopeless states.


The minimal irritation if these provoceteurs prove to be genuine is far less than faces people if they are left up.
Kinda more meta than a usual jobs sub post, but if many more people have degrees, what do you think employers will use to decide hiring factors in the future? 
This sub gets a fair amount of spam and rulebreaking content. Some (more, thanks /u/rednail64 and the active mods) help taking care of it would be nice.

Mods here should do the following:

1. Mark spam as spam (no distinguished comment needed).  
1.a. (optional) add the spammer to automod's shadowban list and report them to /r/reddit.com

2. Remove rulebreaking submissions (all other removals should be followed by a distinguished comment stating the rule broken).  
2.a. The modqueue is a bit long (hence this post). Please don't batch-remove/approve anything there; if something is archived and needs removal, send a private message about it as "/r/jobs" to the OP with the rule broken.  Also, when applying/replying to this thread, put the word "fact" somewhere in your reply; this would signify in a compact form that you've read and agree to everything here in this list.

3. Don't use distinguished comments for anything that doesn't have to do with moderation.

4. Don't break any sidebar/reddit rules yourself.

5. Contribute at least 1 mod action a month to the moderation effort (remove/approve something that needs it and/or participate in modmail).

6. Be OK with making major (e.g. rule changes) or controversial moderation decisions democratically and give ~a week for votes.

7. Be OK with being removed from the modlist if you don't do the above.

8. Have an account that has more than a handful of submissions/comments and is older than, like, a month or two. Having rule-abiding comment/submission history in this sub would obviously be preferable, it would be nice if you could let me know that you do in your reply.

***

#To apply, read the above list and leave a comment with appropriate-contents. Those who don't read the numbered list aren't considered as applying. 

~~^(Further, please send 42 copies of your resume, notarized and signed with your blood in triplicate, through certified mail; upon receipt, we will mail you back a letter containing the URLs to the three separate database pages where you should also enter all that information. Please double check your address when entering, as the request for an interview will be delivered first by messenger pigeon and then by smoke signal to that address. Please note that it's illegal to discriminate based on age, race or disability status; I'll therefore ask you about all these things and ignore the applications from those who don't respond or respond unfavorably. If you are my cousin/long-lost child or have any other blood relation to me, let me know so I can burn the rest of the applications I have and just add you and any and all relatives you may have. Finally, please note that this entry-level pre-internship position requires at least 15 years of reddit experience.)~~ 

It would also be helpful if everyone could look through everyone else's profiles and upvote those who you think would make good mods.

Compensation:

I know that /r/iama mods charge $50/month to be on the team but I like you guys so I'll make an exclusive offer to let you work for ~~$25/month~~ ~~$5/month~~ completely for FREE!
Recently began the trudge toward full time interviewee and thought I'd invest some time here. Scanning the posts and comments gives me the impression that this sub is (mostly) a mire of anxiety, bitterness, and despair.

Perhaps that's simply the average psychological state for the majority looking to land a job. Or, possibly it just reflects a hard reality I'm to become intimately familiar with. Or maybe the negative ones stand out to me more, skewing my perception. I dunno.

I suppose this post is a bit meta, but I'm just wondering what any reading this think about the general vibe here, and how representative you feel it is of the true nature of the present job market more broadly.

Also, any tangential comments/thoughts are welcome.
I'm handicapped and can't work, but I need money to live in case of unexpected downturns.


Hey everyone,

So my wife is rounding up her PhD in Disease Ecology, and she is interviewing for a position as an Ecological Modeler.  The company recently sent her an information form with salary expectations, and she has no idea what to put down.  Over the last 5 years, she has been a graduate student making as high as $32k and as low as $16k (depending on her funding source), and before that she worked in a vet's office making $11/hour.

I also am not too much help, apart from looking at Glassdoor and other websites, as I work in project management in a completely different industry.  Here is the position description excerpt:

Applies population models and similar approaches to provide decision support for ecological risk assessments. The successful candidate will work as part of a team developing, implementing, and applying novel modeling approaches and adapting existing models to the specific needs of risk assessments.

The successful candidate should possess the following requirements:

* Minimum of a Ph.D. or equivalent (M.S. with at least 2 years relevant job experience) in Biological Sciences or a related field with a specialty focus in ecological modeling
* Background and experience in quantitative ecology or related field, including conservation biology
* Experience in developing and applying population models and/or related ecological modeling approaches
* Experience with different modeling techniques such as matrix models and individual-based models (additional experience in meta-population or community / ecosystem level modeling is a plus)
* Experience in model analysis, data analysis, and results presentation
* Ability to document all stages of a project from model development to presentation of results, including scientific publications
* Ability to compile data and information from various sources, including scientific publications
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to effectively communicate results to others (clients, team members) to address a variety of research questions
* Experience in ecological risk assessment would be beneficial
* Proficiency in R software and programming language as well as the ability to work with R packages and build customized code is a plus; experience with NetLogo also a plus
* Eligibility to work in the U.S. without sponsorship

My wife pretty much fits the bill for the position, and I am thinking she should ask for something in the range of $72k, but really have no idea of that is a good guess or not.  Any input would be much appreciated!
What are your thoughts about copy/pasting generic job descriptions? I personally think it's good with a hint of my duties without giving away too much such that if I did go to an interview I can elaborate more on my duties. 
This is a bit of a meta questions. Apologies!

However, I think, some of us can already experience the consequences of a world where more and more tasks are fully automated and done by robots, algorithms and computers.

Even if you don't subscribe to this, for the sake of this thread, let's explore what we all would do if we could not work or would not have to find a job anymore.
It seems like a pretty revolutionary idea for this board, but hear me out:

*We don't always need to give a job advice for every issue that pops up in this sub.*

It's always been the unofficial platform here, and it's been getting exclusively egregious these past couple of weeks. Any questions that come here, have seem to be treated through oversimplification, and followed by some tired old cliche and a call to action from the jobs version of "delete Facebook, hit the gym, call a lawyer". 

I say that it's egregious because "giving advice" as become a platform for anyone who's dealt with hiring at any point in the process, to propagate certain ideas that are not truly reflective of the field at large. It's almost libelous how certain hiring tactics are touted as "status quo" and "how the real world operates", when many professionals have spent their careers to enhance and change many of the unfair and unjust practices that nearly all job seekers face every day.

It doesn't matter if this is what you see at your job every day. Frankly, if your job involves rejecting candidates over trivial stuff like attire, foreign names, or not being able to put numbers to accomplishments, you're not really doing a service for anyone here. And neither is promoting these outdated and inaccurate portrayal, when the rest of us professionals strive to advance beyond these gut-feeling tactics (and are successful year after year). It doesn't really matter what you believe or how good the blogger writes, it doesn't negate that job seekers are still struggling with something that employers should be fixing internally in the first place.

Take the hint: Job seekers are not morons. They've been trying out all these tips and tricks and advice and suggestions for years, and are still having trouble. Maybe the problem is not with them. Maybe the solution isn't to tell them to do the same old thing from the advice you hear or how you like to personally hire on the job.
 
I was hired last week for a 3-month long editorial position for an agency that was working on launching their new website. They needed a content writer for their newsletter, but sometime within my first day at the job my position and my responsibilities changed. 

I was given the task of HTML programming, data analytics, and producing content for SEO purposes. And after identifying some technical issues with their new website, I was asked to review a list of about 200 service packages in their system and provide new alternatives to:

- meta descriptions
- images (I was their graphic designer too)
- and social media strategies

After about a week of meetings with the manager, my boss went over my desk and asked me to save a very valuable document that I was working on for launch. She looked over my screen and specifically told me to save it as a *.pdf* file in their network, and when that was settled she called me into her office, where she then said that she was, "cancelling my position." The reason being: she hired an SEO company to handle her online presence. 

By the time I returned to my desk my station had already been taken over by my supervisor, where he then insisted that he'd be the one to log me out of my account.

Right now I'm ... a little upset and confused by what just happened. This was supposed to be my first full-time job and I've never encountered anything like this before. 

What steps can I take to move forward from this experience and use it to my advantage? 

Any insight I can get with this situation is much appreciated!
What's up guys!

I would like to introduce http://youswapiswap.com/ where you can trade services for services, either sale your own services as a freelancer, or hire a freelancer for your company! Brand new site I made with very little rules just create an account and post what services you are selling that simple. 

We also have a meta SEO tool so when you post your service you're selling you can SEO your post so it will be seen on the search engines such as meta title, meta description, and meta keywords for your own post! Something I have not seen yet a SEO tool in a post!

Were not to big right now trying to grow also there are no stupid pop-up ads on our website. This was made solely for the community. My end mission is to help freelancers sale there services, people find jobs, and others trade services for service!
I have quite a bit of previous experience.  My resume and cover letter look clean and professional, I have two part time jobs but they just aren't paying the bills.  I am trying to take care of my parents (whom are both unemployed) and my sister.

This may seem unrealistic for someone my age but I will do what I can.  Anyway, I work at a pizza parlor and sandwich shop.  As you might've guessed they both pay minimum wage.  I am majoring in psychology but I don't think I will find a career in that field for a few years.

Now, I just want to know what's out there for me.  I would love a desk job where I can learn and feel like I'm apart of a business, and not just serving pizza without tips heh.  I'm savvy on computers and I designed a few websites for some friends and did jump into basic marketing (social media, dns rerouting, backlinking, meta tags, all that stuff).  I have tried to explore into this a bit, but it seems like there just aren't any positions for me unless I had the credentials.

So I do have a passion for marketing and some experience. I have tried to put myself out there and even create a position for myself, call small businesses for contract work, etc. with little success.  I know factories have entry level positions and pay well. I am absolutely considering that. All feedback is appreciated. 

All in all, I would love any other job that I feel would compensate me for my efforts.  I know there has to be something out there I just don't know where to look.

If anyone has names of something in mind, I am located in Southern California. Thank you so much.
I don't really like to make posts like this, but it's practically 95% of the interaction I run into around here these days, and it's getting a little stale.

Let's say that OP has a serious physical illness. It's really bad and it impacts OP in his/her daily life, every day, for months or years. OP needs serious help. Let's say that this is a health-related sub - or a sub that claims to be health related. OP comes on here to ask for help, and only holistic healers respond. These healers offer pseudoscience with specious reasoning, urging OP to buy more healing crystals and eat more kale. A practicing medical professional, who specialize in OP's illness, also makes an input. The holistic healers respond in vitriol against the medical professional, make death threats, attack his character, all to make it seem like the medical professional doesn't know what he's talking about.

This is the caliber of discussion that's been happening here.

Any Tom, Dick, and Harry that had to read a stack of resumes, or sit in on an interview panel, all of a sudden has intimate knowledge in Personnel Selection, Recruitment, Negotiation, Team Effectiveness, and even sometimes mental health and wellness...

This isn't just happening to me. There's been other professionals in the past who no longer contributes to this sub, who's met similar negativity. The Ph.D. who works in Psychometrics in hiring settings couldn't know what he's talking about, because some rando read this blog about how you should just fill out answers in the extreme. The Master's who is practicing in the field can't link articles to how poor interview methods may ruin hiring decisions, because it goes against the circlejerk of Resumes-Phone-Questions-Hire format. I can't talk about SJTs and Assessment Centers because job fillers think it's too expensive...without even knowing which specific exercises or what these methods even are.

There's no recourse for discourse. There's no allowance in knowledge share. It's either we buy into these outdated, ethically-questionable, legally indefensible practices, or we're a bunch of kooks. Because you experienced it when you hired, it must be how the entire industry works. If you haven't seen it, it's obviously made up or too ivory-tower for "the real world".

Right, some of you are external recruiters with years of experience. Great, a couple of you are hiring managers with a Fortune 500 company...but if you're using old and terrible techniques, your "expertise" isn't really that valuable. It's also gone to some of your heads, and now I see some of you talking about personality traits and episodic depression as if you have deep, intimate knowledge in those subjects. It's all just adding noise to an already complex environment.

In no other subreddit would this level of silliness be tolerated. But here, articles titled "X THINGS YOU NEED TO DO TO LAND THE JOB!" are littered left and right, and at one point, a resume reviewer can host an AMA every month to talk about ANYTHING job-related. I even seem to have a standing order to have every one of my comments downvoted if I respond to u/van_the_recruiter...a **moderator** in this sub...

Meanwhile, applicants are becoming more frustrated and confused about the job seeking process. They are desperate for help and REAL, ACCURATE information and insight about how personnel selection works. But all they're getting are speculations and anecdotal evidence from people who made cold calls to garner an applicant pool. I think that's a disgrace. 
I just graduated with a degree in Architecture this year and have started to look for jobs. Architecture wasn't something I really liked, I just took it up because I didn't know what to major in, my dad suggested it so I figured hell, why not.

Initially I started looking for jobs in the Architecture field. There's this job I applied for that I thought would be good, pays well, good location, tasks I can take on. I applied for it two weeks ago and just went for an interview yesterday and got a job offer too.

However, in those two weeks that I hadn't heard back from the Architecture company, I tried applying for content writer jobs, because I thought it might suit me since I really like to write and I have a travel blog I run for fun.

So one website company got in touch with me and asked me to send in my CV and writing samples. They got back to me and asked me to be a home-based content writer for their company. But when they told me more about what I'll be doing, I felt overwhelmed and realised I don't know any of this at all. I write for fun and have never had to deal with meta tags and SEO and a bunch of other words that are new to me. I don't think I'm up for it.

So do I go for the Architecture job where I know I can do well in but I don't really like, or the writer job where I don't know much of anything but I'd like to give a try?

(Sorry for the really long post! Bit of a reddit noob but I was really hoping for some advice.)
Over in /r/filmmakers I stumbled on to Lynda.com.  Over here, I found out about General Assembly.  I thought others might appreciate a list of unconventional or fairly obscure places that might help in acquiring new skills or training.  Not everyone has an extra five to six figures to just go back to school, so professional, non-diploma mill places might be good to know.
A substantial portion of the posts in /r/jobs are asking for advice on HR issues.  

It is nearly impossible to give good advice without knowing where the OP works.  Can we add providing this information when asking for HR help to the rules?
Just wanted to acknowledge! 
Hello /r/jobs,

I am building a resume that would help me get a job with a tech firm in Austin, Tx. I am looking for any job that would be +15/hr leading up to 30/hr. I come here for guidance and advice..

From what i have been told, a good resume needs fit into one page. (?)

Summary:

Education:
over 80 hours, and a computer proficiency credit short of associates degree (introduction to c++ doesnt count)

Work:
I am almost 25, and only have two years worth of solid working experience. I have very random job experience, mostly part-time seasonal gigs

From October, 2012-2013 i worked for a food delivery service.

From October 2013 to current, i started a company which needs a significant boost in capital if its going to grow (hence me getting a job)

- on the resume should i explicitly label - 'owner' or would i be better establishing myself as a 'director' or 'manager'

Skills:
- Proficient with computers

- Good teamwork, leadership, and management skills (Eagle Scout)

- Able to communicate effectively and efficiently with all levels of peers.  

- Willingness to learn and the ability to be trained. 

- Very tolerant to stress and high capacity/volume work. 

- Punctual, decisive, articulate, and pays great attention to detail.

- Has the capacity to understand the bigger picture, 'meta' thinker; Can think outside the box.

(also looking for leads to places i should apply!!)

Thank you for your time and helping me in the next step of this great journey!


The Fund for the Public Interest may go by another name, depending on the state/geographical area. 

As a recent college graduate, I saw a job posting on [Idealist](http://www.idealist.org/explore/349tGM8CSDGW4/connections#listings) for a "Field Manager" position (aka [Canvass Director](http://www.fundforthepublicinterest.org/jobs/canvass-director) or [Citizen Outreach Director](http://www.fundforthepublicinterest.org/jobs/leadership)) with The Fund for the Public Interest during my job search. The position is available for the summer (April – August) with a salary of $4,000 – 6,000 USD in about 39 cities across the United States.

Two days ago, I applied to this position and a hiring representative left a voicemail for me today to discuss an interview. Unfortunately, I did not do any background research for The Fund for the Public Interest before applying. I would like to educate myself further on this organization and the experiences of former applicants and employees. In the future, I am definitely doing more extensive background research on any company/organization I apply to! 

Upon some light internet searching, I came up with numerous complaints from former employees.

**Sources:** [Indeed](http://www.indeed.com/cmp/Fund-For-the-Public-Interest/reviews), [Ask MetaFilter](http://ask.metafilter.com/145641/Should-I-take-this-job-from-the-Fund-for-the-Public-Interest), [Ripoff Report](http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/fund-for-the-public-interest/boston-massachusetts-/fund-for-the-public-interest-also-identifies-as-environment-massachusetts-dont-walk-run-862390), [Pissed Consumer](http://www.pissedconsumer.com/reviews-by-company/fund-for-the-public-interest/beware-of-working-for-fund-for-the-public-interest-20120507317059.html), [Glassdoor](http://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/The-Fund-for-the-Public-Interest-Company-Reviews-E215980_P2.htm), [Chicago Tribune blog](http://blogs.chicagotribune.com/news_columnists_ezorn/2009/07/-sidewalk-activism-strangling-progessive-politics-one-disillusioned-employee-at-a-time.html), [/r/OSU](http://www.reddit.com/r/OSU/comments/1v6ak5/the_fund_for_the_public_interest_environment_ohio/), [an individual's experience on Angelfire](http://www.angelfire.com/indie/fundislying/FundIsLying.html). (There is very little written on [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fund_for_the_Public_Interest) about The Fund for the Public Interest's controversy.) 

Granted, these are personal stories with little to no accountability – the details of each experience may be skewed and biased against the organization. However, I find the huge amount of these complaints across various websites alarming. Here are themes I found across the board:
 
* Insufficient and nonpaid training (in terms of length and quality)
* Misleading work schedules (ex. Employees agree to 10-12 hrs/day, but in reality the work schedule is 13 hrs/day plus weekends)
* Misleading job description (many accounts state that the majority of the job is canvassing, not anything else)
* Delayed and unorganized paychecks 
* Paychecks are less than originally agreed upon
* Paychecks depend heavily on commission/quota 
* Little job security (many accounts of individuals being fired 3-7 days of hiring)
* Unprofessional and apathetic management
* Discouragement of unionizing 
* Unclear and/or unethical use of budget 
* Overly stressful environment (understandable in this field of work, but still)

What experiences have you all had with The Fund for the Public Interest? Some individuals are critical of how The Fund for the Public Interest "preys" on recent college graduates through recruiters, job fairs and online job postings (similar to [Vector Marketing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vector_Marketing#Controversy)). Thank you.

**tl;dr - Is it worth it to work at The Fund for the Public Interest?**

edit: spelling/grammar.

Please use a 1-10 scale.
Reddit,

I am the hiring manager, and 5 year redditor,  for a position titled [Web Operations Specialist](https://www.cpg.org/linkservid/763BB598-0903-C79F-CFFCC27684CBD19C/showMeta/0/?label=Web%20Operations%20Technician%20–%20IT) for the [Church Pension Group](http://cpg.org) (don't worry, there are people of all faiths or lack there of here, very diverse and nice environment).

This position is basically all about managing escalations from client engagement and other internal people regarding our custom single sign on system.

Due to our rather formal HR process, I couldn't add to the description the following:

The ideal candidate would have been a webmaster or something similar in times past.  Someone who is on a track to move more into the technology side of things, with a tech-support background.  Someone who perhaps is interested in learning more SQL and even Ruby.

This is a very visible role, so temperament and communication skills are very important.

If you submit your resume for consideration to our HR department, be sure to include you found out about the post via Reddit.  I recommend a cover letter, one that's not boilerplate text if possible.

You can send submissions to jobs@cpg.org

BTW, we have very good benefits.
